Chapter: The Arrival
Character: Daniel Baldwin
We all reach the hall together, leaving the driver to look after our luggage.
Butler: Welcome everyone.
Butler: You are the first guests to arrive for this week-end event.
Butler: It's a bit early, so it may take a while before others arrive. In the meantime, let me show you to your rooms.
Butler: You can rest there a bit, there will be drinks later in the tea room.
Daniel Baldwin: Perfect, when should we meet later?
Butler: Around four I believe.
I quickly check my pocket watch.
That would leave me at least one hour of solitude in my room.
That's perfect.
Butler: If you don't have any more questions, please follow me upstairs.
The butler shows me to my room first.
I quickly settle in and wait for five minutes for the driver to bring my bag back.
Now I can finally relax.
Footman: Doctor Baldwin, the tea room has been set for drinks.
Footman: You can come down if you are ready.
Daniel Baldwin: Very, very well.
Daniel Baldwin: I will be there soon.
Daniel Baldwin: Thank you.
I am not sure how long I've been out.
It's better if I hurry downstairs so I do not appear suspicious.
Well, it looks like I am the first one.
There was no reason to rush.
Butler: Doctor Baldwin, would you like a glass of sherry?
Daniel Baldwin: Sure why not, thank you.
As the butler hands me my drink, Thomas Moody enters the room.
Thomas Moody: Doctor Baldwin, I suppose we are the first ones.
Daniel Baldwin: It seems like it.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for him
After a while, Miss Marsh enters the room.
She nods at me and heads to the bar.
She is soon followed by an Indian man in an army uniform and an older gentleman.
They must have just arrived from the station.
The older man goes directly to the tray with drinks.
He walks in an unsure fashion, almost bumping into the butler who swiftly avoids him.
The military man walks towards me.
Sushil Sinha: Hello there, I am Captain Sushil Sinha.
Thomas Moody: Nice to meet you, Captain. I am Thomas Moody.
Daniel Baldwin: Doctor Daniel Baldwin.
Daniel Baldwin: How do you do.
Sushil Sinha: Nice to meet you both.
Thomas Moody: And who is the gentleman over there?
Sushil Sinha: That would be Samuel Manning.
Sushil Sinha: I am afraid he had a bit too much to drink.
Sushil Sinha: But don't worry about him.
We all glance at him from afar as he fills a water glass to the brim with sherry.
He then proceeds to chug it in one sip.
After that, he sits down on the sofa next to him and immediately falls asleep.
Sushil Sinha: Well, that should keep him still for a while.
Daniel Baldwin: Indeed, it's impressive that...
Sushil Sinha: It reminds me of a fellow I knew back in the Army.
Sushil Sinha: He was my superior, but I swear I never saw him sober.
Sushil Sinha: Even in the mornings, he was always still drunk from the day before.
He proceeds to tell a tedious story about its time in the military.
I try to concentrate on what he is saying but I can't focus.
So I just nod in agreement and wonder when I will be able to go quietly back to my room.
I am brutally awoken from my daydreaming by the dinner gong.
I barely even notice what has happened over the past few hours.
Everyone is heading towards the dining area, so I go with them.
My place is at the end of the table.
That is better because I don't feel like talking too much.
Then, the host finally joins us.
Lady Claythorn: Welcome, everyone. My apologies for keeping you waiting.
Lady Claythorn: Now that we're all gathered, I'd like to express my gratitude once more.
Lady Claythorn: As you already know, you are here because of the heroic acts you've committed in the past.
Lady Claythorn: I've taken notice of these actions and felt it was my responsibility to extend a formal 'thank you.'
Lady Claythorn: I realise the invitation letter you received was somewhat vague, so let me clarify its contents now.
Lady Claythorn: My first gift to you is a stay at my manor.
Lady Claythorn: You'll be fully catered to, enjoying the most refined food, expertly prepared by my personal chef.
Lady Claythorn: During the three days we'll spend together, we'll also partake in various activities, which I'm sure you'll find enjoyable.
Lady Claythorn: My second gift is a sum of one thousand pounds, awarded to each and every one of you.
Lady Claythorn: This is my way of thanking those as selfless as yourselves, who help others without thought of reward.
Following her speech, our host settles back down in her chair.
This speech is quickly followed by the first course.
I look who I have on my side, it's a young man I didn't even notice before.
Menu Choice: Just keep to yourself
Finally, the dinner is over.
I barely listen to Lady Claythorn talking about meeting afterwards in the tea room, and I rush to my room.
After I have performed the well-rehearsed ritual, I ponder whether I should go down or stay in my room.
Menu Choice: Let's go down and meet the others
All right, where should I go first?
Map Choice: Tea room
There is not a soul in here and nothing to do at the moment.
No need to stay any longer.
Map Choice: Library
That is a well-furnished library.
It's been a while since I've seen that many books.
There is one already opened on a desk.
"A Genealogical and Heraldic Dictionary of the Landed Gentry of Great Britain."
That sounds tedious.
But maybe I can borrow something else to read later in my room?
I'm sure our host won't mind.
I looked around for a book that might be of interest, and found a couple of options.
Menu Choice: Take "The Mysterious Affair at Styles" by Agatha Christie
That appears to be the most recent book they have.
A mystery novel.
I don't know the author, but a quick look at her biography tells me she was a nurse during the war.
So I feel like I could relate to the her.
Map Choice: Portrait Gallery
This is clearly where the Claythorn family display their portraits.
It's rather odd to have so many crammed into such a small room.
It gives the place quite an eerie atmosphere.
I don't feel comfortable lingering here too long.
Map Choice: Dining Room
The dining room.
No need to linger, nobody will come back here until tomorrow.
Map Choice: Garden
From the great hall, I am ready to go and have a look outside.
But the weather has worsened, I do not think it is safe to go out tonight.
Map Choice: Entrance Hall
I feel compelled to take another look at this entrance hall.
It is quite magnificent.
I take in the view for a few minutes.
Nobody comes.
Map Choice: Elizabeth I Bedroom
Daniel Baldwin: Hello, is anyone there?
There is no answer.
Amelia Baxter: Yes? Who is it?
Daniel Baldwin: It's Doctor Baldwin.
Amelia Baxter: Yes, Doctor, what can I do for you?
Daniel Baldwin: I just wanted to have chat. Do you have time?
Amelia Baxter: I'm afraid It's a bit too late for me.
Amelia Baxter: But we can speak again tomorrow.
Daniel Baldwin: Of course, I am sorry.
Map Choice: George IV Bedroom
Daniel Baldwin: Hello, is anyone there?
There is no answer.
My knocking slightly opens the door.
From the hallway, I can see part of the room.
It is in a dreadful state.
Should I take a peek?
Why am I thinking, there is no reason for me to intrude.
I close the door and leave.
Map Choice: Storage Room
I decide to take the stairs to the attic.
I probably shouldn't be here but I could still feign ignorance if I am spotted.
The door is locked.
That's no surprise.
Whoever is sleeping here must keep the key close to themselves.
Map Choice: William the Conqueror Bedroom
Daniel Baldwin: Hello, is anyone there?
There is no answer.
Should I try to see what's inside?
No, of course not.
Most people are downstairs now, but they could come back anytime.
Also, that's wildly inappropriate.
Map Choice: Go to sleep
That is quite enough for one day.
It is late, time to go and relax.
So I walk back to my room.
It is not too late yet, so I can read the book I took from the library before sleeping.
"The Mysterious Affair at Styles"
Let's see.
It is an interesting mystery book.
I especially like how accurately the effect of the poison, the murder weapon, is described.
You can really tell that the writer has medical training.
But I am tired of reading.
I set the book aside and doze off.