Chapter: The Arrival
Character: Daniel Baldwin
We all reach the hall together, leaving the driver to look after our luggage.
Butler: Welcome everyone.
Butler: You are the first guests to arrive for this week-end event.
Butler: It's a bit early, so it may take a while before others arrive. In the meantime, let me show you to your rooms.
Butler: You can rest there a bit, there will be drinks later in the tea room.
Daniel Baldwin: Perfect, when should we meet later?
Butler: Around four I believe.
I quickly check my pocket watch.
That would leave me at least one hour of solitude in my room.
That's perfect.
Butler: If you don't have any more questions, please follow me upstairs.
The butler shows me to my room first.
I quickly settle in and wait for five minutes for the driver to bring my bag back.
Now I can finally relax.
Footman: Doctor Baldwin, the tea room has been set for drinks.
Footman: You can come down if you are ready.
Daniel Baldwin: Very, very well.
Daniel Baldwin: I will be there soon.
Daniel Baldwin: Thank you.
I am not sure how long I've been out.
It's better if I hurry downstairs so I do not appear suspicious.
Well, it looks like I am the first one.
There was no reason to rush.
Butler: Doctor Baldwin, would you like a glass of sherry?
Daniel Baldwin: Sure why not, thank you.
As the butler hands me my drink, Thomas Moody enters the room.
Thomas Moody: Doctor Baldwin, I suppose we are the first ones.
Daniel Baldwin: It seems like it.
Menu Choice: Tell me more about yourself.
Thomas Moody: There is not much to say, I am afraid.
Thomas Moody: I am a mechanic. I have been doing this since the end of the war.
Menu Choice: That's a very noble profession
Thomas Moody: Thank you.
Thomas Moody: It is not saving lives, but I like it well enough.
Menu Choice: What room are you in?
Thomas Moody: My room is named "Richard the Third".
Thomas Moody: I must admit I do not know much about him.
Menu Choice: Me neither
Menu Choice: What do you think of the other guests?
Thomas Moody: The other guests? You mean Miss Marsh, I presume?
Daniel Baldwin: Well, yes, of course. She is the only one we have met so far.
Thomas Moody: Right.
Thomas Moody: I am not sure. She was very quiet during our journey.
Thomas Moody: But being alone with men around her must have made her uneasy.
Menu Choice: Yes, it must be that
Thomas Moody: Of course, what else could that be.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for him
After a while, Miss Marsh enters the room.
She nods at me and heads to the bar.
She is soon followed by an Indian man in an army uniform and an older gentleman.
They must have just arrived from the station.
The older man goes directly to the tray with drinks.
He walks in an unsure fashion, almost bumping into the butler who swiftly avoids him.
The military man walks towards me.
Sushil Sinha: Hello there, I am Captain Sushil Sinha.
Thomas Moody: Nice to meet you, Captain. I am Thomas Moody.
Daniel Baldwin: Doctor Daniel Baldwin.
Daniel Baldwin: How do you do.
Sushil Sinha: Nice to meet you both.
Thomas Moody: And who is the gentleman over there?
Sushil Sinha: That would be Samuel Manning.
Sushil Sinha: I am afraid he had a bit too much to drink.
Sushil Sinha: But don't worry about him.
We all glance at him from afar as he fills a water glass to the brim with sherry.
He then proceeds to chug it in one sip.
After that, he sits down on the sofa next to him and immediately falls asleep.
Sushil Sinha: Well, that should keep him still for a while.
Daniel Baldwin: Indeed, it's impressive that...
Sushil Sinha: It reminds me of a fellow I knew back in the Army.
Sushil Sinha: He was my superior, but I swear I never saw him sober.
Sushil Sinha: Even in the mornings, he was always still drunk from the day before.
He proceeds to tell a tedious story about its time in the military.
I try to concentrate on what he is saying but I can't focus.
So I just nod in agreement and wonder when I will be able to go quietly back to my room.
I am brutally awoken from my daydreaming by the dinner gong.
I barely even notice what has happened over the past few hours.
Everyone is heading towards the dining area, so I go with them.
My place is at the end of the table.
That is better because I don't feel like talking too much.
Then, the host finally joins us.
Lady Claythorn: Welcome, everyone. My apologies for keeping you waiting.
Lady Claythorn: Now that we're all gathered, I'd like to express my gratitude once more.
Lady Claythorn: As you already know, you are here because of the heroic acts you've committed in the past.
Lady Claythorn: I've taken notice of these actions and felt it was my responsibility to extend a formal 'thank you.'
Lady Claythorn: I realise the invitation letter you received was somewhat vague, so let me clarify its contents now.
Lady Claythorn: My first gift to you is a stay at my manor.
Lady Claythorn: You'll be fully catered to, enjoying the most refined food, expertly prepared by my personal chef.
Lady Claythorn: During the three days we'll spend together, we'll also partake in various activities, which I'm sure you'll find enjoyable.
Lady Claythorn: My second gift is a sum of one thousand pounds, awarded to each and every one of you.
Lady Claythorn: This is my way of thanking those as selfless as yourselves, who help others without thought of reward.
Following her speech, our host settles back down in her chair.
This speech is quickly followed by the first course.
I look who I have on my side, it's a young man I didn't even notice before.
Menu Choice: Talk to Ted Harring
Daniel Baldwin: Hello. I am doctor Daniel Baldwin.
Ted Harring: Nice to meet you doctor, I am Ted Harring.
Menu Choice: Tell me more about yourself.
Ted Harring: There isn't much to say about me.
Ted Harring: I was born and raised in Birmingham.
Ted Harring: I work there as a business associate.
Daniel Baldwin: In what line of business?
Ted Harring: Oh, you know, regular sales.
Daniel Baldwin: Of course. What do you sell the most?
Ted Harring: I cannot say that I work with a specific product; it depends on the opportunities.
Daniel Baldwin: I see.
There is something off about his answers.
I do not think he is telling me the whole story.
Perhaps I could probe him a little further.
Menu Choice: No, let us just leave it at that
Menu Choice: Why were you invited here?
Ted Harring: Last year, I rescued a baby from a building on fire.
Daniel Baldwin: Really? Good for you.
Daniel Baldwin: You must have nerves of steel to do such a thing.
Ted Harring: I guess. But I think everyone would have done the same.
Ted Harring: I was just in the right place at the right moment.
Ted Harring: I was just going home one day, it was rather late.
Ted Harring: On my way, I happened to notice smoke coming from a house across the street.
Ted Harring: I was about to call for the firemen.
Ted Harring: But out of the window, I heard a baby screaming.
Ted Harring: I couldn't possibly stay there and do nothing.
Ted Harring: So without thinking about it, I forced the front door of the house and ran upstairs.
Ted Harring: A fire was spreading from one of the rooms.
Ted Harring: Luckily, the room with the baby was still safe.
Ted Harring: So I ran into it, grabbed the baby, and went downstairs as fast as I could.
Ted Harring: When I reached outside, I could hear the firemen on their way.
Ted Harring: The neighbors had already alerted them.
Ted Harring: As soon as they arrived, I gave them the baby.
Ted Harring: Reporters were with them.
Ted Harring: When they saw me, they decided it was a story worth printing.
Ted Harring: But it wasn't really. Anyone would have done the same.
Ted Harring: I think they just wanted to sell papers. So they exaggerated what I had done.
Ted Harring: And they also omitted the worst part.
Ted Harring: The baby wasn't alone in the house, of course.
Ted Harring: Why would they have been?
Ted Harring: The fire was caused by the nanny.
Ted Harring: She had an attack and dropped a lamp on the floor.
Ted Harring: That was her room that was on fire.
Ted Harring: I didn't even check there.
Ted Harring: So when the firemen arrived, it was too late.
Ted Harring: They said there was nothing I could have done, but I am not sure.
Daniel Baldwin: Gosh, that's terrible.
Ted Harring: Yeah.
Menu Choice: What do you think of this place?
Ted Harring: It's very nice.
Ted Harring: It's a bit far from town, I think.
Ted Harring: But I suppose some people like the isolation.
Menu Choice: How old are you?
Ted Harring: I am 22 years old.
He appears a touch older than that.
But then, growing up through a war is enough to age anyone before their time.
Menu Choice: What room are you in?
Ted Harring: I don't know, I haven't been to my room yet.
Ted Harring: I just arrived, and I didn't realise I would be the last one here.
Menu Choice: What do you think of the other guests?
Ted Harring: Well, I just arrived.
Ted Harring: So I don't really have an opinion on anyone yet.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for him
Finally, the dinner is over.
I barely listen to Lady Claythorn talking about meeting afterwards in the tea room, and I rush to my room.
After I have performed the well-rehearsed ritual, I ponder whether I should go down or stay in my room.
Menu Choice: Let's go down and meet the others
All right, where should I go first?
Map Choice: Kitchen
I ought to have a look downstairs. Might be something of interest there.
Footman: Good evening, sir. I'm afraid guests aren't permitted beyond this point.
I offer him my warmest smile.
Daniel Baldwin: I do apologise. I'm only having a quick look. Could you make an exception?
Daniel Baldwin: I promise I won't be long.
Footman: If it were up to me, I'd gladly say yes.
Footman: But Lady Claythorn was quite clear with her instructions.
Footman: I'm sure you understand.
Footman: Please don't take it personally.
He says it with a warm smile of his own.
His eyes say sorry, but there's something else there, too.
I wonder if...
Menu Choice: Try flirting with him
Daniel Baldwin: That's a shame, but I quite understand. Orders are orders.
Daniel Baldwin: Still, I had rather hoped you might show me around.
Daniel Baldwin: There are a few things I'd not mind discussing with you.
Footman: I'm a bit tied up at the moment, sir.
Footman: But I could make time later, if you'd still care to talk.
Daniel Baldwin: I'd like that very much.
Daniel Baldwin: Where shall we meet?
Footman: Hard to say when I'll be free.
Footman: But I could stop by your room once I've a moment—if you don't mind, that is.
Well, that is rather forward.
I glance about to be sure we're alone.
We are.
I let my gaze linger a moment longer than necessary.
Daniel Baldwin: Are you certain you can't come now?
Footman: No, truly I can't.
Footman: But I'll be done soon enough.
Footman: I'll see you later then, Doctor Baldwin.
Daniel Baldwin: Please—call me Daniel.
Footman: Very well, Daniel. I'm Andrew.
Daniel Baldwin: I'll see you later, Andrew.
Map Choice: Library
That is a well-furnished library.
It's been a while since I've seen that many books.
There is one already opened on a desk.
"A Genealogical and Heraldic Dictionary of the Landed Gentry of Great Britain."
That sounds tedious.
But maybe I can borrow something else to read later in my room?
I'm sure our host won't mind.
I looked around for a book that might be of interest, and found a couple of options.
Menu Choice: Take "Confessions of an English Opium-Eater" by Thomas De Quincey
I have been meaning to read this for a long time.
Maybe now is the time.
Map Choice: Meet the others in the billiard room
As I enter the room, I wonder why I've come here.
To talk to other people?
Right now, this feels too much for me.
I check around the room and notice a chair that looks comfortable enough.
So I sit there and look at what's happening in the room.
Samuel Manning is moving around in an unsure manner.
Most people are gathered around Captain Sinha, who is probably telling a war story.
I see Ted Harring talking with the butler.
Then he looks over the room and catch me looking at him.
He smiles and comes towards me.
Oh no, now I'll have to talk to him.
Ted Harring: Hello Doctor Baldwin.
Daniel Baldwin: Mr Harring.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for him
We don't have anything else to say to each other.
And I don't want to talk to anyone else tonight, so I stand up and leave the room.
Map Choice: Go to sleep
That is quite enough for one day.
It is late, time to go and relax.
So I walk back to my room.
I barely have time to settle in my room that I hear someone knocking.
Footman: Doctor Baldwin?
I let him in without a word.
Afterwards, he prepares to leave.
Daniel Baldwin: Are you certain you can't stay a bit longer?
Footman: No, I really can't.
Footman: Sadly, I have other cats to whip.
Wait, what?
Footman: I'll see you tomorrow then.
Daniel Baldwin: Yes... Of course.
Daniel Baldwin: Good night.
What did he say about cats?
That's odd.
I must have misunderstood.
It is not too late yet, so I can read the book I took from the library before sleeping.
"Confessions of an English Opium-Eater"
I dreaded reading this for a long time.
I am uneasy at first but very quickly I realise I won't be able to stop until the end.
It must be very late now, but I think it was worth it.
I feel that something in me has changed forever.
Filled with a brand new resolution, I fall asleep easily.