Chapter: The Arrival
Character: Daniel Baldwin
We all reach the hall together, leaving the driver to look after our luggage.
Butler: Welcome everyone.
Butler: You are the first guests to arrive for this week-end event.
Butler: It's a bit early, so it may take a while before others arrive. In the meantime, let me show you to your rooms.
Butler: You can rest there a bit, there will be drinks later in the tea room.
Daniel Baldwin: Perfect, when should we meet later?
Butler: Around four I believe.
I quickly check my pocket watch.
That would leave me at least one hour of solitude in my room.
That's perfect.
Butler: If you don't have any more questions, please follow me upstairs.
The butler shows me to my room first.
I quickly settle in and wait for five minutes for the driver to bring my bag back.
Now I can finally relax.
Footman: Doctor Baldwin, the tea room has been set for drinks.
Footman: You can come down if you are ready.
Daniel Baldwin: Very, very well.
Daniel Baldwin: I will be there soon.
Daniel Baldwin: Thank you.
I am not sure how long I've been out.
It's better if I hurry downstairs so I do not appear suspicious.
Well, it looks like I am the first one.
There was no reason to rush.
Butler: Doctor Baldwin, would you like a glass of sherry?
Daniel Baldwin: Sure why not, thank you.
As the butler hands me my drink, Thomas Moody enters the room.
Thomas Moody: Doctor Baldwin, I suppose we are the first ones.
Daniel Baldwin: It seems like it.
Menu Choice: Tell me more about yourself.
Thomas Moody: There is not much to say, I am afraid.
Thomas Moody: I am a mechanic. I have been doing this since the end of the war.
Menu Choice: Did you have to change profession because of the war?
Thomas Moody: Well yes, I was a famous actor before.
Thomas Moody: Sadly I can't do that anymore.
Menu Choice: Wait? Really?
Thomas Moody: No, of course not.
Thomas Moody: I was obviously joking.
Then he gives me a weird look.
Well, I was not very polite here.
I should watch what I am saying, shouldn't I?
Menu Choice: What do you think of this place?
Thomas Moody: It is a decent-sized house.
Thomas Moody: Probably originally for a wealthy local landowner.
Thomas Moody: Though it is not large enough for an important aristocrat like a Duke or an Earl.
Thomas Moody: I do not know much about this Lady Claythorn, but her family are probably squires or baronets.
Thomas Moody: Unless they are just wealthy industrialists and they added the "Lady" to lend some prestige to their name.
Thomas Moody: That would be quite outrageous if that were the case.
Daniel Baldwin: Really? I would not have thought of that.
Daniel Baldwin: Where did you learn all of this?
Thomas Moody: Because I was raised in a house a bit like this one.
Thomas Moody: I started as a bootboy when I was a wee lad, but quickly rose in rank to become a footman.
Thomas Moody: Then the war happened and everything changed.
Menu Choice: Of course, the war changed everyone perspective
Daniel Baldwin: I understand that you did not want to keep doing this after the war.
Daniel Baldwin: It must have seemed too trivial to keep being a servant after such a horrific experience.
Thomas Moody: Not really.
Thomas Moody: I do not think there is anything wrong with being a servant.
Thomas Moody: I would have loved to keep doing this job.
Thomas Moody: I even hoped to be a butler someday.
Thomas Moody: But it turns out a footman has to fit certain characteristics.
Thomas Moody: For instance, they have to be tall.
Thomas Moody: I am not sure why, but it is a matter of pride for them to have the tallest servants possible.
Thomas Moody: It is all part of us being seen as part of the "image" of their property.
Thomas Moody: As you can guess, when I returned from the war, I was not considered "footman" material and was relegated to grunt work.
Thomas Moody: I decided it was better to leave.
Thomas Moody: But it is not easy talking about it.
Daniel Baldwin: I am sorry, I did not mean to offend you.
Thomas Moody: It is all right.
Blast it, I did it again. I really ought to be more careful.
In any case, I realise now he is the tallest man in the room.
Only the footman seems to be about the same height as he is.
Menu Choice: Why were you invited here?
Thomas Moody: Well, I suppose it is related to what I did in the war.
Thomas Moody: But there were a lot of heroic acts that happened at that time.
Thomas Moody: I am not sure mine was particularly exceptional.
Thomas Moody: I suppose I am here for a different reason.
Menu Choice: What do you mean?
He looks at me with a blank stare.
Thomas Moody: Is it not obvious?
Thomas Moody: My ... "condition" makes my actions more memorable than others'.
Thomas Moody: But I really do not want to talk about it.
Daniel Baldwin: No, of course.
I cannot believe I was rude again.
I must sound like an absolute tosser to him now.
Thomas Moody: Excuse me, I have something to do.
He goes back to the bar and starts to talk to the butler, leaving me alone in a corner.
Well that will teach me.
After a while, Miss Marsh enters the room.
She nods at me and heads to the bar.
She is soon followed by an Indian man in an army uniform and an older gentleman.
They must have just arrived from the station.
The older man goes directly to the tray with drinks.
He walks in an unsure fashion, almost bumping into the butler who swiftly avoids him.
The military man walks towards me.
Sushil Sinha: Hello there, I am Captain Sushil Sinha.
As he sees the new guests coming in, Thomas Moody joins me back to greet them.
Thomas Moody: Nice to meet you, Captain. I am Thomas Moody.
Daniel Baldwin: Doctor Daniel Baldwin.
Daniel Baldwin: How do you do.
Sushil Sinha: Nice to meet you both.
Thomas Moody: And who is the gentleman over there?
Sushil Sinha: That would be Samuel Manning.
Sushil Sinha: I am afraid he had a bit too much to drink.
Sushil Sinha: But don't worry about him.
We all glance at him from afar as he fills a water glass to the brim with sherry.
He then proceeds to chug it in one sip.
After that, he sits down on the sofa next to him and immediately falls asleep.
Sushil Sinha: Well, that should keep him still for a while.
Daniel Baldwin: Indeed, it's impressive that...
Sushil Sinha: It reminds me of a fellow I knew back in the Army.
Sushil Sinha: He was my superior, but I swear I never saw him sober.
Sushil Sinha: Even in the mornings, he was always still drunk from the day before.
He proceeds to tell a tedious story about its time in the military.
I try to concentrate on what he is saying but I can't focus.
So I just nod in agreement and wonder when I will be able to go quietly back to my room.
I am brutally awoken from my daydreaming by the dinner gong.
I barely even notice what has happened over the past few hours.
Everyone is heading towards the dining area, so I go with them.
My place is at the end of the table.
That is better because I don't feel like talking too much.
Then, the host finally joins us.
Lady Claythorn: Welcome, everyone. My apologies for keeping you waiting.
Lady Claythorn: Now that we're all gathered, I'd like to express my gratitude once more.
Lady Claythorn: As you already know, you are here because of the heroic acts you've committed in the past.
Lady Claythorn: I've taken notice of these actions and felt it was my responsibility to extend a formal 'thank you.'
Lady Claythorn: I realise the invitation letter you received was somewhat vague, so let me clarify its contents now.
Lady Claythorn: My first gift to you is a stay at my manor.
Lady Claythorn: You'll be fully catered to, enjoying the most refined food, expertly prepared by my personal chef.
Lady Claythorn: During the three days we'll spend together, we'll also partake in various activities, which I'm sure you'll find enjoyable.
Lady Claythorn: My second gift is a sum of one thousand pounds, awarded to each and every one of you.
Lady Claythorn: This is my way of thanking those as selfless as yourselves, who help others without thought of reward.
Following her speech, our host settles back down in her chair.
This speech is quickly followed by the first course.
I look who I have on my side, it's a young man I didn't even notice before.
Menu Choice: Talk to Ted Harring
Daniel Baldwin: Hello. I am doctor Daniel Baldwin.
Ted Harring: Nice to meet you doctor, I am Ted Harring.
Menu Choice: Tell me more about yourself.
Ted Harring: There isn't much to say about me.
Ted Harring: I was born and raised in Birmingham.
Ted Harring: I work there as a business associate.
Daniel Baldwin: In what line of business?
Ted Harring: Oh, you know, regular sales.
Daniel Baldwin: Of course. What do you sell the most?
Ted Harring: I cannot say that I work with a specific product; it depends on the opportunities.
Daniel Baldwin: I see.
There is something off about his answers.
I do not think he is telling me the whole story.
Perhaps I could probe him a little further.
Menu Choice: I might have something to sell you
Ted Harring: Really?
Ted Harring: I thought you were a doctor.
Daniel Baldwin: I am.
Daniel Baldwin: And because of that, I sometimes have access to certain products in large quantities.
Daniel Baldwin: Perhaps you could assist me with a small matter.
Ted Harring: That depends.
Ted Harring: Care to tell me a bit more?
Daniel Baldwin: Not here.
Daniel Baldwin: It is rather sensitive.
Daniel Baldwin: Not something meant for every ear, if you take my meaning.
Ted Harring: Fair enough.
Ted Harring: I can keep my mouth shut when I need to.
Daniel Baldwin: Excellent.
Daniel Baldwin: We shall speak again later.
Interesting.
He is clearly willing to take part in something rather unorthodox.
And it is equally clear he has done this sort of thing before.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for him
Finally, the dinner is over.
I barely listen to Lady Claythorn talking about meeting afterwards in the tea room, and I rush to my room.
After I have performed the well-rehearsed ritual, I ponder whether I should go down or stay in my room.
Menu Choice: Stay here—this might be more... enjoyable
A flicker of doubt appears at the edge of my mind, maybe I have already had too many today.
I could try to resist, yet the stillness of this room is unbearable.
Being alone with my thoughts always is.
It feels as though I have no choice at all.
So I prepare myself for the familiar ritual.
It takes only a moment before everything is in place.
My hand trembles slightly as I raise the spoon to my lips.
The bitter draught slides down my throat, and I wait for its sweet relaxing effect.
My pulse slows. The room tilts.
My eyelids grow heavy.
The voices that have tormented me all my life at last fall quiet.
All is silent now.
You thought you could manage it, but you were mistaken.
That last spoonful was one too many.
You will have to be more careful next time.