Chapter: The Arrival
Character: Daniel Baldwin
We all reach the hall together, leaving the driver to look after our luggage.
Butler: Welcome everyone.
Butler: You are the first guests to arrive for this week-end event.
Butler: It's a bit early, so it may take a while before others arrive. In the meantime, let me show you to your rooms.
Butler: You can rest there a bit, there will be drinks later in the tea room.
Daniel Baldwin: Perfect, when should we meet later?
Butler: Around four I believe.
I quickly check my pocket watch.
That would leave me at least one hour of solitude in my room.
That's perfect.
Butler: If you don't have any more questions, please follow me upstairs.
The butler shows me to my room first.
I quickly settle in and wait for five minutes for the driver to bring my bag back.
Now I can finally relax.
Footman: Doctor Baldwin, the tea room has been set for drinks.
Footman: You can come down if you are ready.
Daniel Baldwin: Very, very well.
Daniel Baldwin: I will be there soon.
Daniel Baldwin: Thank you.
I am not sure how long I've been out.
It's better if I hurry downstairs so I do not appear suspicious.
Well, it looks like I am the first one.
There was no reason to rush.
Butler: Doctor Baldwin, would you like a glass of sherry?
Daniel Baldwin: Sure why not, thank you.
As the butler hands me my drink, Thomas Moody enters the room.
Thomas Moody: Doctor Baldwin, I suppose we are the first ones.
Daniel Baldwin: It seems like it.
Menu Choice: What room are you in?
Thomas Moody: My room is named "Richard the Third".
Thomas Moody: I must admit I do not know much about him.
Menu Choice: I saw a Shakespeare's play about him
Thomas Moody: Really? What did you learn about him?
Daniel Baldwin: From what I remember, Shakespeare paints him as a man twisted both in body and in soul.
Daniel Baldwin: The most impressive thing about the play was how the actor managed to convey Richard's deformity.
Daniel Baldwin: His crooked posture, the twisted arm, the limp — all brought vividly to life upon the stage.
Daniel Baldwin: It left no doubt in one's mind that he was meant to be both pitied and feared.
I see Thomas Moody's gaze harden and quickly stop talking.
I didn't realise who I was talking to.
Well, I was not very polite here.
I should watch what I am saying, shouldn't I?
Menu Choice: How old are you?
Thomas Moody: 43 years old.
Thomas Moody: I know it is hard to guess, considering.
Daniel Baldwin: I am sorry, I did not want to imply anything.
Thomas Moody: Do not worry about it.
Blast it, I did it again. I really ought to be more careful.
Menu Choice: What do you think of the other guests?
Thomas Moody: The other guests? You mean Miss Marsh, I presume?
Daniel Baldwin: Well, yes, of course. She is the only one we have met so far.
Thomas Moody: Right.
Thomas Moody: I am not sure. She was very quiet during our journey.
Thomas Moody: But being alone with men around her must have made her uneasy.
Menu Choice: I can think of another reason she was uneasy
Daniel Baldwin: Well, or it might be your... your...
Thomas Moody: My what?
Daniel Baldwin: No, nothing.
He may not say anything, but he understands very well what I meant.
I cannot believe I was rude again.
I must sound like an absolute tosser to him now.
Thomas Moody: Excuse me, I have something to do.
He goes back to the bar and starts to talk to the butler, leaving me alone in a corner.
Well that will teach me.
After a while, Miss Marsh enters the room.
She nods at me and heads to the bar.
She is soon followed by an Indian man in an army uniform and an older gentleman.
They must have just arrived from the station.
The older man goes directly to the tray with drinks.
He walks in an unsure fashion, almost bumping into the butler who swiftly avoids him.
The military man walks towards me.
Sushil Sinha: Hello there, I am Captain Sushil Sinha.
As he sees the new guests coming in, Thomas Moody joins me back to greet them.
Thomas Moody: Nice to meet you, Captain. I am Thomas Moody.
Daniel Baldwin: Doctor Daniel Baldwin.
Daniel Baldwin: How do you do.
Sushil Sinha: Nice to meet you both.
Thomas Moody: And who is the gentleman over there?
Sushil Sinha: That would be Samuel Manning.
Sushil Sinha: I am afraid he had a bit too much to drink.
Sushil Sinha: But don't worry about him.
We all glance at him from afar as he fills a water glass to the brim with sherry.
He then proceeds to chug it in one sip.
After that, he sits down on the sofa next to him and immediately falls asleep.
Sushil Sinha: Well, that should keep him still for a while.
Daniel Baldwin: Indeed, it's impressive that...
Sushil Sinha: It reminds me of a fellow I knew back in the Army.
Sushil Sinha: He was my superior, but I swear I never saw him sober.
Sushil Sinha: Even in the mornings, he was always still drunk from the day before.
He proceeds to tell a tedious story about its time in the military.
I try to concentrate on what he is saying but I can't focus.
So I just nod in agreement and wonder when I will be able to go quietly back to my room.
I am brutally awoken from my daydreaming by the dinner gong.
I barely even notice what has happened over the past few hours.
Everyone is heading towards the dining area, so I go with them.
My place is at the end of the table.
That is better because I don't feel like talking too much.
Then, the host finally joins us.
Lady Claythorn: Welcome, everyone. My apologies for keeping you waiting.
Lady Claythorn: Now that we're all gathered, I'd like to express my gratitude once more.
Lady Claythorn: As you already know, you are here because of the heroic acts you've committed in the past.
Lady Claythorn: I've taken notice of these actions and felt it was my responsibility to extend a formal 'thank you.'
Lady Claythorn: I realise the invitation letter you received was somewhat vague, so let me clarify its contents now.
Lady Claythorn: My first gift to you is a stay at my manor.
Lady Claythorn: You'll be fully catered to, enjoying the most refined food, expertly prepared by my personal chef.
Lady Claythorn: During the three days we'll spend together, we'll also partake in various activities, which I'm sure you'll find enjoyable.
Lady Claythorn: My second gift is a sum of one thousand pounds, awarded to each and every one of you.
Lady Claythorn: This is my way of thanking those as selfless as yourselves, who help others without thought of reward.
Following her speech, our host settles back down in her chair.
This speech is quickly followed by the first course.
I look who I have on my side, it's a young man I didn't even notice before.
Menu Choice: Just keep to yourself
Finally, the dinner is over.
I barely listen to Lady Claythorn talking about meeting afterwards in the tea room, and I rush to my room.
After I have performed the well-rehearsed ritual, I ponder whether I should go down or stay in my room.
Menu Choice: Let's go down and meet the others
All right, where should I go first?
Map Choice: Go to sleep
That is quite enough for one day.
It is late, time to go and relax.
So I walk back to my room.
Well, I do not have anything to do right now.
Even though I am tired, I have too much on my mind.
I will not be able to close my eyes.
Luckily, I have something to help me relax.
A flicker of doubt appears at the edge of my mind, maybe I have already had too many today.
I could try to resist, yet the stillness of this room is unbearable.
Being alone with my thoughts always is.
It feels as though I have no choice at all.
So I prepare myself for the familiar ritual.
It takes only a moment before everything is in place.
My hand trembles slightly as I raise the spoon to my lips.
The bitter draught slides down my throat, and I wait for its sweet relaxing effect.
My pulse slows. The room tilts.
My eyelids grow heavy.
The voices that have tormented me all my life at last fall quiet.
All is silent now.
You thought you could manage it, but you were mistaken.
That last spoonful was one too many.
You will have to be more careful next time.