Chapter: An Empty Manor
Character: Amelia Baxter
Unsurprisingly, I slept terribly.
At least it's the last day. All of this will be over soon.
Even though I didn't have a talk with Ted Harring last night, I should still see him.
On my way to Ted's, the emptiness of the Manor hits me.
There is not a sound that can be heard.
It gives me a chill.
I stop in front of his door.
He is not responding.
I hope he is well.
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring, are you there?
Ted Harring: I'm coming!
Finally, I was getting worried.
He opens the door for me and I enter.
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring, I am sorry to disturb you but something strange is happening.
Ted Harring: What do you mean?
Amelia Baxter: I haven't seen any staff members on my way here.
Amelia Baxter: At this hour, they should be busy with lighting fires, cleaning and setting up breakfast.
Amelia Baxter: Yet, I neither saw nor heard anyone.
Amelia Baxter: It's as silent as a graveyard in here.
Ted Harring: Are you sure it's not just because it's so early?
Amelia Baxter: I'm certain.
Amelia Baxter: I was up at the same time yesterday, and the house was bustling with activity.
Amelia Baxter: Something's not right, I assure you.
Ted Harring: Okay, if you say so.
He paused for a second there, he must have realised it's serious.
Ted Harring: What do you propose we do then?
Amelia Baxter: I am not sure, but I think we should start by searching the Manor to try to understand what's happening.
Ted Harring: Alright, let's investigate then.
And we started to look for others in the manor,
inspecting every room.
I let him choose where we were going,
even though his choices didn't always make much sense.
We searched the Manor extensively, but we didn't find much of anything interesting.
Ted Harring insisted on taking an empty gun from the gun room.
I am not sure what he intends to do with it.
Tired and demoralised, we came back to the entrance hall.
Mr Harring tries calling out one last time.
Ted Harring: Hello? Is anyone there?
Sushil Sinha: Mr Harring. I am here.
Captain Sinha appears at the top of the stairs and descends to join us.
Mr Harring's face brightens at the sight of him.
Sushil Sinha: At last, living, breathing souls.
Sushil Sinha: I was starting to feel like I was in a ghost house.
Amelia Baxter: We feel the same.
Ted Harring: Do you have any idea what's going on?
Sushil Sinha: Nothing concrete. All I know is, I don't like it.
Sushil Sinha: People don't just vanish from their homes without reason.
Amelia Baxter: They certainly don't.
Sushil Sinha: And then there's the matter of the suspicious deaths.
Sushil Sinha: I could've dismissed them as bad luck yesterday, but now... I'm not so certain.
There is an awkward silence.
Sushil Sinha: We have got a lot to talk about, maybe we should settle somewhere more comfortable.
Amelia Baxter: The tea room perhaps?
Sushil Sinha: Perfect.
Everyone finds a chair before we can continue our conversation.
Ted Harring: By the way, did you check on Samuel Manning?
Ted Harring: You're the only one with the key to his room.
Sushil Sinha: No, not yet. I assumed he couldn't have gone far.
Sushil Sinha: But you're right, we should check on him.
Ted Harring: I think so too.
Ted Harring: We'll follow you.
Sushil Sinha: Mr Manning, are you there?
No response.
Sushil Sinha: Alright, I'm going in.
Without warning, he opens the door and enters.
We quickly follow him, but he attempts to stop us.
Sushil Sinha: Wait! Don't come in.
But we are already in.
There lies Samuel Manning, dead in his bed.
Blood is all over him.
I let out a gasp.
Sushil Sinha: Miss Baxter, please don't stay here.
Without a word, Sushil Sinha drags me out of the room.
Sushil Sinha: I regret letting you see that.
Sushil Sinha: You shouldn't have entered.
Amelia Baxter: Is... is he... dead?
Sushil Sinha: I'm afraid so.
Ted Harring: Are you certain?
Ted Harring: Shouldn't we check his pulse?
Ted Harring: Maybe... just maybe, there's a chance he's alive.
Sushil Sinha: I'm sorry, but it's too late.
Sushil Sinha: I've seen enough dead people to know. He's been gone for a long time.
Sushil Sinha: Likely since last night.
Amelia Baxter: Oh my God.
Ted Harring looks terribly distraught.
Looking less affected, Captain Sinha guides us back to the tea room.
Sushil Sinha: Miss Baxter, you should probably rest here for a little bit.
Sushil Sinha: I think we should check Miss Marsh's as well.
Sushil Sinha: Mr Harring, would you mind coming with me?
Ted Harring: Well, sure.
Ted Harring: I'll follow you.
Amelia Baxter: Please don't be long.
Sushil Sinha: Don't worry, this should only take a few minutes.
I sat there quietly, pondering what had happened, what I should do next.
After some time, they came back.
Amelia Baxter: You've been gone for a while. What happened?
Sushil Sinha: I'm afraid we haven't been able to find Miss Marsh.
Sushil Sinha: We searched her room but it was empty.
Amelia Baxter: Well, what should we do now?
Sushil Sinha: You both seem a bit shaken up.
Sushil Sinha: That's not surprising, given what you've witnessed.
Sushil Sinha: It's easier for me.
Sushil Sinha: Sadly, I've seen my share of dead people.
Sushil Sinha: Nevertheless, we could all use a break.
Sushil Sinha: Let's wait and think a bit before taking any further decisions.
Amelia Baxter: Good idea, captain.
Ted Harring: All right.