Chapter: The Arrival
Character: Amelia Baxter
Butler: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Claythorn Manor.
Butler: I'm sorry that Lady Claythorn can't greet you herself.
Butler: She is still busy preparing for tonight.
Butler: In the meantime, you can enjoy some drinks in the tea room.
Butler: Or, if you wish to change, I can show you to your room right now.
Samuel Manning: I'm good, but I could use a drink.
Samuel Manning: Which way is the tea room?
Astonishing. He looked passed out drunk in the car.
How could he possibly want another drink now?
Butler: Very well, sir. You'll find the tea room through the door on your left.
Butler: Other guests who arrived earlier are already settled there.
Butler: You can join them.
Sushil Sinha: I'll come with you.
Butler: What about you, Miss ...?
Amelia Baxter: Miss Baxter.
Amelia Baxter: I believe I shall freshen up in my room first.
Amelia Baxter: It has been a very long journey.
Butler: Of course, please follow me upstairs.
Butler: Here we are, Miss.
Butler: The "Elizabeth I Bedroom."
Butler: I hope it's to your liking.
He opens my room and lets me in.
At the same time, the driver arrives with my luggage.
He leaves them there and then excuses himself.
Butler: Well, it looks like you're all set.
Butler: Please join us in the dining room when you're ready.
I nod and take a look at my room.
It is a bit worn, but it still looks decent.
I should be quite comfortable here.
When I am ready, I head downstairs to the tea room.
Butler: Miss Baxter.
Butler: Almost everyone is here now.
He quickly introduces me to those I have not yet met.
Butler: Please make yourself at home.
Butler: Now, if you'll excuse me, I hear the car is back with the last guest.
He leaves me on my own.
I glance about the room.
Nearly everyone is gathered around Sushil Sinha.
He is in the midst of what sounds like yet another tedious story.
I am not eager to listen to that again.
On a chair, Samuel Manning sits alone with a glass in his hand.
I can't believe it.
He fell asleep again.
Well, I suppose I have no choice but to join the larger group.
But before I can move, the butler returns.
Butler: Mr Ted Harring!
The butler nearly shouts the name of the new guest.
He is a good-looking young man, but he appears unsure.
It is clear he is not in his natural element here.
I smile at him and, after some hesitation, he comes towards me.
Ted Harring: Nice to meet you, Miss Baxter. I am Ted Harring.
Amelia Baxter: How do you do, Mr Harring.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for him
Butler: Dinner is served. Please follow me to the dining room.
I sit down at the place with my name on it.
Then, a lady enters the room.
She is wearing expensive clothing.
Lady Claythorn: Welcome, everyone. My apologies for keeping you waiting.
Lady Claythorn: Now that we're all gathered, I'd like to express my gratitude once more.
Lady Claythorn: As you already know, you are here because of the heroic acts you've committed in the past.
Lady Claythorn: I've taken notice of these actions and felt it was my responsibility to extend a formal 'thank you.'
Lady Claythorn: I realise the invitation letter you received was somewhat vague, so let me clarify its contents now.
Lady Claythorn: My first gift to you is a stay at my manor.
Lady Claythorn: You'll be fully catered to, enjoying the most refined food, expertly prepared by my personal chef.
Lady Claythorn: During the three days we'll spend together, we'll also partake in various activities, which I'm sure you'll find enjoyable.
Lady Claythorn: My second gift is a sum of one thousand pounds, awarded to each and every one of you.
Lady Claythorn: This is my way of thanking those as selfless as yourselves, who help others without thought of reward.
Following her speech, our host settles back down in her chair.
Well said.
I join in the applause with the rest of the guests.
Lady Claythorn: Please no need to thank me. The food will be served, enjoy your meal.
The food arrives right after the speech.
The timing is perfect.
It seems I already know the persons next to me.
On my left is Mr Sinha.
And Ted Harring is on my right.
Menu Choice: Don't engage with anyone, it's unladylike
The dinner is over.
The host gave us the opportunity to meet again for drinks.
But I do not know, this has been quite a long day.
Perhaps I should simply go to bed.
In any case, I ought to retire to my room first.
Well, I am comfortably settled.
What should I do now?
Map Choice: Tea room
There's no one here.
There's no reason to linger.
Map Choice: Dining Room
The dining area is currently unoccupied.
I shouldn't stay here.
Map Choice: Garden
I reach the large hall and prepare to open the door.
But the weather is dreadful, so it would be madness to go out now.
It makes more sense to do something else for the time being.
Map Choice: Entrance Hall
A very nice great hall.
But it is totally empty.
Map Choice: Library
Here is an impressive library.
"A Genealogical and Heraldic Dictionary of the Landed Gentry of Great Britain." is open on a table.
But I don't feel like reading now.
Map Choice: Portrait Gallery
There are quite a few impressive portraits here.
However, no one else is present.
Map Choice: Edward II Bedroom
I knock on the door, waiting for a response.
There's silence. No one replies.
I do not think it would be wise to simply enter someone's room like that.
They might return at any moment.
Map Choice: George IV Bedroom
I knock on the door, waiting for a response.
There's silence. No one replies.
I do not think it would be wise to simply enter someone's room like that.
They might return at any moment.
On the other hand, I notice that the door to this room is not properly closed.
I feel tempted to go in, yet I cannot. It would be too dangerous, for now.
Map Choice: Kitchen
The basement is where the domestic staff work.
I definitely shouldn't go down there, it's not my place.
Map Choice: Go to bed
It has been a long day.
I cannot stay up any longer.
It is time to go to bed.
After taking a bit of time to get ready, I can get into bed.
I have no problem falling asleep.