Chapter: Things Get Darker
Character: Ted Harring
Everything happened so quickly it is all a blur.
After the shouting and crying in the woods, Captain Sinha took charge.
He had us carry the doctor on a makeshift stretcher back to the house.
It took some time, but we eventually reached the mansion.
Amelia Baxter: Good heavens! What happened!?
Amelia Baxter: Is that Doctor Baldwin? Is he injured?
Amelia Baxter: Oh no! Is he... dead?
Sushil Sinha: I'm sorry, dear, but he is.
Amelia Baxter: But... what happened?
Sushil Sinha: It was an accident.
Samuel Manning: I swear it was! I have no idea how I could have hit him.
Samuel Manning: I was aiming at a rabbit. I didn't even see him.
Everyone turns to him.
Amelia Baxter: You fool! You were probably too drunk, and that's why you hit him.
Amelia Baxter: You could barely walk this morning. Who gave you a gun?
Sushil Sinha: Please, there's no need to point fingers now. It's done.
Sushil Sinha: The police will handle it.
Sushil Sinha: Speaking of which, has anyone from the city arrived yet?
Amelia Baxter: No, not yet.
Amelia Baxter: We're still waiting for them.
Sushil Sinha: We should tell them to hurry.
Sushil Sinha: Lady Claythorn, where's the telephone?
Lady Claythorn: I'll handle it.
She leaves the group, with the butler following closely behind.
The room falls silent.
Most eyes are on Sam Manning, filled with disdain.
Then, the hostess returns.
Lady Claythorn: I just spoke with the police. They aren't coming today.
Sushil Sinha: What!? Why not?
Lady Claythorn: They were on their way but encountered a huge tree blocking the road.
Lady Claythorn: They couldn't get past it.
Lady Claythorn: They said they'll be back tomorrow with assistance.
Amelia Baxter: But... what are we going to do with him until then?
Sushil Sinha: We'll move him to his bed for now.
Sushil Sinha: It's the best we can do under the circumstances.
Sushil Sinha: Anyone willing to help?
Ted Harring: I will.
We carried Doctor Baldwin to his room and laid him on his bed.
Sushil then covered him with a blanket.
Sushil Sinha: It's the best we can do at the moment.
Sushil Sinha: We shouldn't linger here.
Sushil Sinha: I want to keep an eye on Samuel Manning.
Ted Harring: Of course.
Sushil Sinha: Also Mr Harring, you might want to change before rejoining us.
I glance at my clothes.
They're stained with blood.
He is right, I can't go back downstairs looking like this.
So I retreat to my room to fetch clean clothes.
I also take the opportunity to have a bath.
As I am preparing to go downstairs again, someone knocks on my door.
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring, may I come in?
Amelia Baxter... What does she want?
Ted Harring: Come on in, Mrs. Baxter. The door is open.
Amelia Baxter: I'm sorry to intrude, but I believe we should talk.
She doesn't wait for an answer and begins explaining.
Amelia Baxter: Something dangerous is happening here.
Ted Harring: What do you mean?
Amelia Baxter: Don't you find it strange that two different people died in the same place, from two different causes?
Ted Harring: Well, I don't know about Thomas Moody.
Ted Harring: But for the doctor's death, you said it yourself: Samuel Manning was probably drunk.
Ted Harring: That's tragic, but not really surprising.
Amelia Baxter: That's what I initially thought.
Amelia Baxter: However, I just spoke with the butler. He insisted that Samuel Manning was clear-minded when he handed him his gun.
Ted Harring: So, what, you think he staged the accident?
Ted Harring: He might've just drank too much during the hunt.
Amelia Baxter: Possibly, but it's still suspicious.
Amelia Baxter: I have other reasons to believe something is amiss here.
Amelia Baxter: Let's just say, I have a feeling.
Ted Harring: You can "feel" it?
Amelia Baxter: Don't dismiss what you don't understand, Mr Harring.
Amelia Baxter: But it's okay. I don't need you to believe me.
Amelia Baxter: I'm simply warning you to be cautious.
Ted Harring: Are you scared of Samuel Manning?
Amelia Baxter: Yes, but not just him.
Amelia Baxter: Others might be involved too.
Amelia Baxter: I don't think we can trust anyone fully.
Ted Harring: Yet, you seem to trust me.
Amelia Baxter: Well, I wouldn't put it that way.
Amelia Baxter: If someone were after me, I'd be defenseless. So, I need an ally.
Amelia Baxter: You seem capable of defending both of us if there's a direct confrontation.
Amelia Baxter: So, I chose to confide in you.
I'm at a loss for words.
A murder?
She is probably paranoid.
But still...
The gong sounds.
Everything that happened didn't disturbed the order of the house, it seems.
Amelia Baxter: It is dinner time.
Amelia Baxter: Not that I'm particularly hungry.
Amelia Baxter: But we should head downstairs regardless.
I nod in agreement.
Amelia Baxter: I believe we should continue this conversation later.
Amelia Baxter: If you agree, come see me in my room after dinner.
Amelia Baxter: I'm in the "Elizabeth I" room.
As I enter the room, the atmosphere is gloomy.
The seats of Daniel Baldwin and Thomas Moody are empty.
Samuel Manning is absent as well.
I take my usual seat, with only Amelia Baxter beside me now.
Lady Claythorn starts a speech.
Lady Claythorn: Now that everyone is here, I want to express my deepest regret for what happened today.
Lady Claythorn: This isn't how I imagined our weekend.
Lady Claythorn: I don't believe any of us are in the mood for more entertainment.
Lady Claythorn: So, tomorrow morning, you'll receive your rewards.
Lady Claythorn: Afterward, we'll wait for the police to arrive.
Lady Claythorn: You're free to head home as soon as the officers give the all-clear.
Lady Claythorn: For now, enjoy your dinner.
Lady Claythorn: Drinks will be available in the billiard room afterwards, as they were yesterday.
The food is served shortly after the speech.
Yet, most of us have little appetite.
Ted Harring: Miss Baxter, I don't see Samuel Manning.
Ted Harring: Do you know where he might be?
Amelia Baxter: He's locked in his room.
Amelia Baxter: After you left, there was a debate about how to handle him.
Amelia Baxter: Ultimately, we decided it best to confine him to his room.
Amelia Baxter: He didn't resist.
Amelia Baxter: That's where he is now.
Amelia Baxter: It was agreed that his dinner would be served there.
Well, that's one less thing to worry about.
No one seems up for small talk.
Dinner passes in almost silence.
Most guests retire to their rooms after eating.
Given the day's events, I doubt anyone is in the mood for drinks.
What should I do next?
Map Choice: Check if there is someone in the Billiard Room
Just as I expected, there aren't many people here.
I can only see Captain Sinha sitting on a sofa and the butler in the corner.
At least the bar is still there.
Menu Choice: Talk to Sushil Sinha
I take a seat opposite Sushil Sinha.
If he's disturbed by the events of the day, he doesn't show it.
Sushil Sinha: Good evening, Mr Harring.
Sushil Sinha: It's nice to see someone else who isn't scared out of their wits tonight.
Sushil Sinha: The reaction of the others seems quite ridiculous to me.
Ted Harring: You don't think we should be at least a bit worried?
Sushil Sinha: Absolutely not. What happened today was obviously accidental.
Sushil Sinha: There's no reason to think otherwise.
Sushil Sinha: And now everyone is holed up in their rooms, as if some mysterious murderer is out to get them.
Ted Harring: So you don't believe there's a murderer among us?
Sushil Sinha: Of course, there is.
Sushil Sinha: His name is Samuel Manning.
Sushil Sinha: Once the police arrive, they'll probably charge him with involuntary manslaughter.
Sushil Sinha: He's likely to be sent to prison for a long time.
Sushil Sinha: But he won't cause any more harm tonight. Of that, you can be certain.
Ted Harring: What makes you so sure?
Ted Harring: You must admit, two deaths in a single day is quite a coincidence.
Sushil Sinha: Sadly, I'll have to disagree with you.
Sushil Sinha: It has happened to me more times than I can count.
Sushil Sinha: And I know what you're going to say.
Sushil Sinha: We're not at war anymore. It's not the same.
Sushil Sinha: True. But on the other hand, I don't believe it's that improbable.
Sushil Sinha: I think everyone is overreacting because they're not accustomed to death like I am.
Sushil Sinha: Once you remove fear from the equation, you'll realise there's nothing abnormal about today's events.
Sushil Sinha: Don't you agree?
Sushil Sinha: Or do you have tangible evidence to believe otherwise?
Menu Choice: Question Samuel Manning's state of inebriation at the time of the accident
Ted Harring: I doubt that Samuel Manning was truly drunk at the time of the accident.
Sushil Sinha: Really?
Sushil Sinha: He seemed quite drunk to me.
Ted Harring: Yes, early in the morning. And then again before the accident.
Ted Harring: But not right before the hunt began.
Sushil Sinha: If that's true, maybe breakfast sobered him up.
Sushil Sinha: And I assume he had more drinks during the hunt.
Sushil Sinha: You were with him, weren't you?
Sushil Sinha: Did you see him drink?
Ted Harring: I believe so.
Ted Harring: He mostly kept to himself, but I did see him sip from his flask.
Sushil Sinha: Well, there you have it, then.
Ted Harring: I suppose so.
Menu Choice: Accept you don't have any real suspicions
Ted Harring: Okay. Maybe there isn't anything particularly suspicious after all.
Sushil Sinha: Precisely.
Sushil Sinha: Two unfortunate, unrelated accidents is the simplest and most logical explanation here.
Sushil Sinha: As the famous saying goes, the simplest explanation is usually the best.
Sushil Sinha: Now, if you'll excuse me, I'd like to finish my book.
Ted Harring: Of course.
Menu Choice: Leave the room
Map Choice: Have a talk with Amelia Baxter
Ted Harring: Miss Baxter?
Ted Harring: Are you here? It's Ted Harring.
She slightly opens the door and looks in the hallway.
She seems worried.
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring, are you alone?
Ted Harring: I am.
Amelia Baxter: Come on in then.
Amelia Baxter: So, have you given any thought to what I told you?
Amelia Baxter: Do you agree that something isn't right?
Menu Choice: Admit she might be right
Ted Harring: I'm not sure yet. But what happened is strange enough that we should take some precautions.
Amelia Baxter: I'm glad you agree.
Amelia Baxter: I've given this a lot of thought, and I believe if what I fear is true, Samuel Manning had help from someone else.
Ted Harring: Do you mean a guest? Or could someone from the staff be involved?
Amelia Baxter: I wouldn't rule anything out, but it seems less likely that the staff or Lady Claythorn would be implicated.
Amelia Baxter: Such an act would require a massive operation.
Amelia Baxter: No, a more plausible theory is that one or two individuals heard about the event and took the places of real guests to infiltrate the manor.
Ted Harring: But why would they do that?
Amelia Baxter: Well, it's rather obvious, isn't it?
Amelia Baxter: The prize money, of course.
Amelia Baxter: It was mentioned in the invitation letter that the prize will be given in bearer's bonds.
Ted Harring: Bearer's bonds?
Amelia Baxter: That's a note that you can exchange at the bank without having to prove your identity.
Amelia Baxter: So, it's almost as easy to use as cash.
Ted Harring: That's a lot of money hidden somewhere in the manor.
Ted Harring: So you think it could be a mere robbery?
Ted Harring: Why not just directly attack the manor?
Amelia Baxter: It's easier to enter incognito.
Amelia Baxter: First, observe and then discreetly eliminate potential threats.
Amelia Baxter: That's the most likely explanation I could think of.
Ted Harring: I suppose that's possible.
Ted Harring: But there's no way to determine who might be involved.
Amelia Baxter: Exactly.
Amelia Baxter: That's why I suggest we stay safely in our rooms tonight.
Amelia Baxter: Tomorrow morning, the first one of us to wake up should alert the other.
Amelia Baxter: Then we stick together the entire day until we can safely leave.
Amelia Baxter: What do you think?
Ted Harring: It sounds like a good plan.
Ted Harring: Let's do it.
Amelia Baxter: Great!
Amelia Baxter: Is there anything else you'd like to discuss?
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for her
Ted Harring: I think I should keep looking around the manor. I might learn something useful.
Amelia Baxter: It's not a bad idea. I will stay here tonight if you don't mind.
Amelia Baxter: Good luck.
Ted Harring: Thanks.
Map Choice: Go to sleep and hope for the best.
Wandering through this house has taken its toll.
And with everything that happened today, I'm drained.
I should go back to my room.
Before trying to sleep, it seems a good idea to barricade the door with some furniture.
You can't be too cautious.
That should be enough.
Now, I can rest peacefully.