Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Ted Harring
Well, I do not know if this is my best idea.
But I suppose it did not feel right to stay behind with the ladies.
Butler: So, this is your first hunt, Mr Harring?
Ted Harring: Yes. I must admit that I don't even know how to use a rifle.
Butler: Not to worry, sir. A footman will follow you and will reload the gun for you.
Butler: All you have to do is point at your target when you encounter something and pull the trigger.
Ted Harring: All right, that sounds easy enough. Will everyone have a footman as well?
Butler: It will be just you, I believe. I will be with Lady Claythorn, and the others insisted they didn't need help.
Of course. So I shall be the weak link today. Brilliant.
Ted Harring: I see. And what kind of animal are we hunting today?
Butler: I think we will mostly encounter wild birds. But we might also run into some rabbits or even deer.
Ted Harring: Aren't those dangerous?
Butler: Not if you don't get too close to them. And again, you won't be alone, so there's no reason to be scared.
Ted Harring: I am not scared, just curious.
Butler: Right.
Butler: Anyway, you can pick up this gun and wear the clothes I laid out on the table.
Butler: Join the others outside when you're ready.
Ted Harring: Perfect, thanks.
I try on the clothes laid out for me. They fit perfectly.
If something happens to me, at least I will look good.
I join the others in the garden.
They all look perfectly at ease in their hunting clothes.
There is Doctor Baldwin, Sushil Sinha, Lady Claythorn and her staff.
And even Samuel Manning is present.
Wait, what?
How on earth was he allowed to join us?
I approach the butler.
Ted Harring: Is it okay for Mr Manning to have a gun? He seemed a bit drunk this morning.
Butler: I was concerned about that at first too. But I just spoke to him, and I can assure you he's perfectly fine.
Butler: He might have been a bit off because of yesterday, but the breakfast and the events of this morning must have sobered him up.
Ted Harring: All right, if you're sure.
Still, I'd better stay away from him.
Butler: Good, now that everyone is ready, I propose we split into two groups.
Butler: It will be easier to spot game that way.
People agree, and Sushil Sinha asks to partner with our host.
The drunk man insists on going with the doctor, who reluctantly agrees.
I am the odd one out.
Which group should I join?
Menu Choice: Daniel Baldwin and Samuel Manning
Despite the risks, I decided to follow Doctor Baldwin and Samuel Manning.
At least this way, I probably won't be the one embarrassing myself.
We walked for a while without encountering anything.
Then, we decided to stop for luncheon.
The four of us sat down in a clearing, sharing a small picnic.
Mr Manning is silent, busy drinking from a pocket flask.
He looks serious, even nervous.
As usual, the footman says nothing.
That means the doctor and I are the only ones talking.
Daniel Baldwin: So, Mr Harring, how are you finding it here?
Daniel Baldwin: It's a lovely place they have, isn't it?
Ted Harring: Certainly. It's a refreshing change of scenery for me.
Ted Harring: I don't often get to see nature like this.
Daniel Baldwin: Ah, so you're a city chap.
Daniel Baldwin: London?
Ted Harring: Birmingham. I was born and raised there.
But I don't really want to talk about that.
Let's change the subject.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for him
Our lunch is coming to an end.
Footman: Alright, if everyone's ready, we can continue.
Footman: Hopefully, we'll have better luck this time.
For a while, we didn't.
But then I spotted something that looked like a rabbit in the distance.
Doctor Baldwin was ahead of me and didn't notice.
I point out my prey to the footman, and he nods in approval.
So, I get into an aiming position.
But as soon as I do, Samuel Manning, who was behind me, sees what's happening.
Samuel Manning: Oh, a rabbit!
He cocks his gun, shaking slightly.
Then, he fires.
He missed by a long way.
By the time I could try again, the rabbit had bolted.
I'm frustrated, but then I hear a cry.
I turn and see Doctor Baldwin crying out in pain on the ground.
Daniel Baldwin: Ughhh...
Footman: Sir, are you all right?
I start to call for help.
Ted Harring: Help! Help!
Ted Harring: Someone's been shot!
I turn to the footman.
Ted Harring: Hurry, fetch the others.
Footman: Yes, of course, sir.
Samuel Manning: Oh no, what have I done?!
Samuel Manning: It was an accident.
Samuel Manning: I never intended this. Please believe me.
I ignore Samuel Manning entirely and crouch beside the doctor.
I have no idea how to help him.
But he will know what to do.
Daniel Baldwin: Quickly, remove my shirt.
Daniel Baldwin: I need to see where the bullet went in.
My hands shake as I tear open his shirt.
Blood has soaked through the fabric.
I see a small hole on his right side.
At first glance, it does not appear too dreadful.
Ted Harring: I found the wound.
Ted Harring: Do you want me to press on it?
The doctor inspects it himself.
A look of dread washes over his face.
Daniel Baldwin: There is no need.
Daniel Baldwin: The bullet has struck my liver.
Ted Harring: But it's such a tiny hole.
Ted Harring: Surely there must be something we can do?
Daniel Baldwin: No.
Daniel Baldwin: Liver wounds are fatal.
Daniel Baldwin: It is already far too late.
He looks towards Samuel Manning with pure hatred, yet says nothing aloud.
Ted Harring: Tell me what I can do.
Daniel Baldwin: Hand me my bag.
I look round until I spot the leather bag.
I grab it and pass it to him.
Daniel Baldwin: Well, there is very little to be done now.
He takes a small vial from his bag.
Without a word, he pulls the cork and drinks it.
Then another.
And a third.
Daniel Baldwin: Ahh, that is better.
This is all happening far too fast.
I can scarcely keep up.
Ted Harring: What should I do?
Daniel Baldwin: Nothing.
Daniel Baldwin: I shall lose consciousness before long.
Daniel Baldwin: I doubt I shall wake again.
I cannot speak.
My throat is tight.
Daniel Baldwin: Perhaps it is no more than I deserve.
Ted Harring: Don't say that.
Ted Harring: Your patients would...
Daniel Baldwin: My patients will not care whether I live or die.
Daniel Baldwin: I was harsh with them.
Daniel Baldwin: I took advantage of them.
Daniel Baldwin: I stole the medicines they needed for myself.
Daniel Baldwin: I do not disserve sympathy.
Daniel Baldwin: I should never have come here.
Daniel Baldwin: Yet, in a strange way, this feels like justice.
He coughs up blood.
And then, silence.
After a while, the footman returns with the others.
By the time they get here, it's too late.
Doctor Baldwin has bled out, and he lies lifeless in the forest.