Chapter: Final Decisions
Character: Ted Harring
We stayed in the tea room and gathered our strength while Sushil Sinha kept searching the manor.
When he returned, we had started to feel a bit better.
Sushil Sinha: I believe I've looked absolutely everywhere now.
Sushil Sinha: There is no trace of anyone.
Sushil Sinha: I also tried to use the telephone, and it's not working.
Sushil Sinha: Thus, there is no way for us to call for help.
Sushil Sinha: The way I see it now, we don't have many options left.
Sushil Sinha: I believe we must leave this place.
Sushil Sinha: The longer we stay, the more at risk we are.
Amelia Baxter: But... shouldn't we wait for the police?
Amelia Baxter: They were expected today. They could arrive any moment.
Sushil Sinha: I wouldn't count on it.
Sushil Sinha: From what I gather, there's no evidence that the police were called yesterday.
Amelia Baxter: But Miss Claythorn said...
Amelia Baxter: She said...
She stops mid-sentence, realising the implication.
Amelia Baxter: I see, you believe she never called.
Amelia Baxter: That the police have no idea about what's happened here.
Amelia Baxter: That she lied to us.
Sushil Sinha: That's the most logical explanation.
Sushil Sinha: No one was around when the telephone calls were supposedly made.
Sushil Sinha: So, there's no way to verify if they actually happened.
Ted Harring: But why?
Ted Harring: Why would anyone do this?
Ted Harring: I don't understand what's happening.
Sushil Sinha: Neither do I.
Sushil Sinha: I've thought about it, and I have no clue why we were all invited here.
Sushil Sinha: I'm certain it wasn't to give us any money.
Sushil Sinha: In any case, all I know is we need to leave as soon as possible.
Amelia Baxter: But how could we leave?
Amelia Baxter: The nearest town is miles away.
Amelia Baxter: I can't walk that far.
Amelia Baxter: And even if I could, I'm not prepared for such a journey.
Captain Sinha and I consider this for a moment.
Sushil Sinha: You might be right.
Sushil Sinha: It would be a long walk, and the weather might turn at any moment.
Sushil Sinha: We could get caught in another storm.
Sushil Sinha: It's probably unsafe for you to join us.
Amelia Baxter: But you're not going to leave me here alone, are you?
Amelia Baxter: What would become of me?
Sushil Sinha: We could lock you in a room.
Sushil Sinha: Though, that's far from ideal.
Sushil Sinha: Perhaps one of us should stay with you.
Amelia Baxter: Yes!
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring can stay with me, right?
Amelia Baxter: The two of us should be safe until you return with help.
Sushil Sinha: That seems to be the wisest choice.
Sushil Sinha: What do you think, Mr Harring?
Menu Choice: Propose to use the old car from the garage {{observation}}
Ted Harring: Wait, we saw an old car in the garage earlier.
Ted Harring: We don't know how to drive it, but perhaps you do?
Sushil Sinha: I can drive, yes.
Sushil Sinha: I saw the car you're talking about.
Sushil Sinha: I even tried to start it, but no luck.
Sushil Sinha: I don't think it's broken; it's probably just out of gas.
Sushil Sinha: I couldn't find any in the garage.
Sushil Sinha: So, I'm afraid that car won't be much help.
Sushil Sinha: Unless either of you spotted a jerrycan somewhere in the mansion?
Ted Harring: No, I haven't.
Amelia Baxter: Neither have I.
Sushil Sinha: That's unfortunate.
Sushil Sinha: It seems we have no choice but to proceed on foot.
Menu Choice: Follow Sushil Sinha. Amelia Baxter will probably be fine on her own
Ted Harring: I think I should come with you.
Ted Harring: It would be safer for both of us.
Ted Harring: We don't know what's outside.
Sushil Sinha: Alright, that's settled then.
Amelia Baxter: What?!
Amelia Baxter: You can't abandon me here!
Amelia Baxter: There's a killer in this house.
Amelia Baxter: When you come back, I might be dead.
Sushil Sinha: There's no need to be so dramatic.
Sushil Sinha: If you lock yourself in your room, you'll likely be safe.
Amelia Baxter: Really? Like Mr Manning was safe?
Sushil Sinha: That's different. Samuel Manning didn't expect anyone would come for him.
Sushil Sinha: He was probably killed in his sleep.
Sushil Sinha: Or maybe he took his own life.
Sushil Sinha: For you, it'll be different. You'll be on your guard.
Amelia Baxter: What good will that do when someone breaks down my door?
He ponders this for a second.
Sushil Sinha: Right. You might need a gun to defend yourself.
Sushil Sinha: Here, take this one.
He hands her a small gun.
Amelia Baxter: But... I don't know how to use this!
Sushil Sinha: It's simple. If someone breaks down your bedroom door, just point it at them and press the trigger.
Sushil Sinha: That's all there is to it.
Amelia Baxter: I don't know if I can do that, I...
Sushil Sinha: I know you can.
Sushil Sinha: Now, go to your room and lock the door.
Sushil Sinha: Maybe even move some furniture in front of it.
Sushil Sinha: If anyone other than us tries to enter, shoot them.
Sushil Sinha: Understood?
Amelia Baxter is visibly terrified.
But the natural authority of Sushil Sinha makes her nod in agreement.
Sushil Sinha: Good.
Sushil Sinha: We'll leave you for now. Time is of the essence.
Sushil Sinha: But we will come back for you, I promise.
Without waiting for a reply, he gestures for me to follow him to the entrance hall.
Sushil Sinha: Let's go, Mr Harring. The sooner, the better.
We leave Amelia Baxter behind and exit the manor.
Sushil Sinha: It was rather ungentlemanly to leave her alone like that.
Sushil Sinha: But I understand. I wouldn't want to remain in this house any longer than necessary either.
He says he understands, but his expression suggests disapproval.
He likely would have preferred if I stayed in the house.
Sushil Sinha: In any case, this won't be an easy journey.
Sushil Sinha: The roads are probably still muddy, and if I recall correctly, the distance to the next house is at least 10 miles.
Sushil Sinha: Maybe even more.
Sushil Sinha: It will likely take us a few hours on the road.
With that, he begins moving towards the exit gate.
We had been walking for about two hours when he stops.
Sushil Sinha: Wait!
Sushil Sinha: Did you hear that?
Ted Harring: Not really.
Ted Harring: What is it?
Sushil Sinha: I heard footsteps from the forest.
Sushil Sinha: I think someone's following us.
Ted Harring: What?!
Sushil Sinha: Keep quiet.
Sushil Sinha: Pretend nothing's wrong.
Ted Harring: What should we do?
Ted Harring: Should we make a run for it?
Sushil Sinha: No, I'll try to ambush him.
Sushil Sinha: I think I've pinpointed his location.
Sushil Sinha: I'll charge at him.
Sushil Sinha: When I give the signal, start running on the road to divert his attention.
Sushil Sinha: I'll dash into the forest to try and disarm him.
Sushil Sinha: Ready?
Ted Harring: What?! No!
Ted Harring: This is too risky!
Sushil Sinha: Trust me, it'll work.
Sushil Sinha: On my mark.
Sushil Sinha: Three.
Sushil Sinha: Two.
Sushil Sinha: One.
Sushil Sinha: Go!
Before I can even think, I start running.
A gunshot rings out.
I glance back to see Sushil Sinha collapsing to the ground.
But I can't stop.
My legs push me forward faster than ever before.
I've never run this fast in my entire life.
Minutes later, I'm gasping for breath.
I'm not sprinting anymore, just jogging — barely faster than a brisk walk.
But I have to keep going.
I find a nearly comfortable pace and maintain it, occasionally glancing behind me.
Thankfully, no one is in sight.
After what felt like an eternity, I finally reached the town.
I rushed into the police station and told them everything.
I was exhausted, panicked, and probably came off as unhinged.
Yet, they agreed to investigate the matter.
I was too drained and frightened to accompany them, but they told me everything when they came back.
They discovered Sushil Sinha's body on the road, likely where I last saw him.
He'd been shot in the head.
At that moment, the two police officers took the situation very seriously.
They rushed to Claythorn Manor.
There, they discovered that all of the remaining guests had died.
Samuel Manning, Thomas Moody, and Daniel Baldwin were still in their beds.
Poor Miss Baxter was found lying lifeless in the hallway.
She didn't even make it to her room.
Rosalind Marsh was dead too.
Her body was found in the attic.
They have no idea where Lady Claythorn and her staff went.