Chapter: Final Decisions
Character: Ted Harring
We stayed in the tea room and gathered our strength while Sushil Sinha kept searching the manor.
When he returned, we had started to feel a bit better.
Sushil Sinha: I believe I've looked absolutely everywhere now.
Sushil Sinha: There is no trace of anyone.
Sushil Sinha: I also tried to use the telephone, and it's not working.
Sushil Sinha: Thus, there is no way for us to call for help.
Sushil Sinha: The way I see it now, we don't have many options left.
Sushil Sinha: I believe we must leave this place.
Sushil Sinha: The longer we stay, the more at risk we are.
Amelia Baxter: But... shouldn't we wait for the police?
Amelia Baxter: They were expected today. They could arrive any moment.
Sushil Sinha: I wouldn't count on it.
Sushil Sinha: From what I gather, there's no evidence that the police were called yesterday.
Amelia Baxter: But Miss Claythorn said...
Amelia Baxter: She said...
She stops mid-sentence, realising the implication.
Amelia Baxter: I see, you believe she never called.
Amelia Baxter: That the police have no idea about what's happened here.
Amelia Baxter: That she lied to us.
Sushil Sinha: That's the most logical explanation.
Sushil Sinha: No one was around when the telephone calls were supposedly made.
Sushil Sinha: So, there's no way to verify if they actually happened.
Ted Harring: But why?
Ted Harring: Why would anyone do this?
Ted Harring: I don't understand what's happening.
Sushil Sinha: Neither do I.
Sushil Sinha: I've thought about it, and I have no clue why we were all invited here.
Sushil Sinha: I'm certain it wasn't to give us any money.
Sushil Sinha: In any case, all I know is we need to leave as soon as possible.
Amelia Baxter: But how could we leave?
Amelia Baxter: The nearest town is miles away.
Amelia Baxter: I can't walk that far.
Amelia Baxter: And even if I could, I'm not prepared for such a journey.
Captain Sinha and I consider this for a moment.
Sushil Sinha: You might be right.
Sushil Sinha: It would be a long walk, and the weather might turn at any moment.
Sushil Sinha: We could get caught in another storm.
Sushil Sinha: It's probably unsafe for you to join us.
Amelia Baxter: But you're not going to leave me here alone, are you?
Amelia Baxter: What would become of me?
Sushil Sinha: We could lock you in a room.
Sushil Sinha: Though, that's far from ideal.
Sushil Sinha: Perhaps one of us should stay with you.
Amelia Baxter: Yes!
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring can stay with me, right?
Amelia Baxter: The two of us should be safe until you return with help.
Sushil Sinha: That seems to be the wisest choice.
Sushil Sinha: What do you think, Mr Harring?
Menu Choice: Follow Sushil Sinha. Amelia Baxter will probably be fine on her own
Ted Harring: I think I should come with you.
Ted Harring: It would be safer for both of us.
Ted Harring: We don't know what's outside.
Sushil Sinha: Alright, that's settled then.
Amelia Baxter: What?!
Amelia Baxter: You can't abandon me here!
Amelia Baxter: There's a killer in this house.
Amelia Baxter: When you come back, I might be dead.
Sushil Sinha: There's no need to be so dramatic.
Sushil Sinha: If you lock yourself in your room, you'll likely be safe.
Amelia Baxter: Really? Like Mr Manning was safe?
Sushil Sinha: That's different. Samuel Manning didn't expect anyone would come for him.
Sushil Sinha: He was probably killed in his sleep.
Sushil Sinha: Or maybe he took his own life.
Sushil Sinha: For you, it'll be different. You'll be on your guard.
Amelia Baxter: What good will that do when someone breaks down my door?
He ponders this for a second.
Sushil Sinha: Right. You might need a gun to defend yourself.
Sushil Sinha: Here, take this one.
He hands her a small gun.
Amelia Baxter: But... I don't know how to use this!
Sushil Sinha: It's simple. If someone breaks down your bedroom door, just point it at them and press the trigger.
Sushil Sinha: That's all there is to it.
Amelia Baxter: I don't know if I can do that, I...
Sushil Sinha: I know you can.
Sushil Sinha: Now, go to your room and lock the door.
Sushil Sinha: Maybe even move some furniture in front of it.
Sushil Sinha: If anyone other than us tries to enter, shoot them.
Sushil Sinha: Understood?
Amelia Baxter is visibly terrified.
But the natural authority of Sushil Sinha makes her nod in agreement.
Sushil Sinha: Good.
Sushil Sinha: We'll leave you for now. Time is of the essence.
Sushil Sinha: But we will come back for you, I promise.
Without waiting for a reply, he gestures for me to follow him to the entrance hall.
Sushil Sinha: Let's go, Mr Harring. The sooner, the better.
We leave Amelia Baxter behind and exit the manor.
Sushil Sinha: It was rather ungentlemanly to leave her alone like that.
Sushil Sinha: But I understand. I wouldn't want to remain in this house any longer than necessary either.
He says he understands, but his expression suggests disapproval.
He likely would have preferred if I stayed in the house.
Sushil Sinha: In any case, this won't be an easy journey.
Sushil Sinha: The roads are probably still muddy, and if I recall correctly, the distance to the next house is at least 10 miles.
Sushil Sinha: Maybe even more.
Sushil Sinha: It will likely take us a few hours on the road.
With that, he begins moving towards the exit gate.
We had been walking for about an hour when he stops.
Ted Harring: Is something wrong?
Sushil Sinha: I don't know, you tell me.
He takes out a gun from his back pocket and points it at me.
Ted Harring: What the hell?!
Sushil Sinha: Oh, don't act so surprised.
Sushil Sinha: Did you really think you fooled me?
Sushil Sinha: I spotted the gun in your pocket this morning.
Sushil Sinha: If you were waiting for a chance to catch me off-guard, you're in for a disappointment.
Ted Harring: No! That's not what I planned, it's ...
He fires at me.
He misses.
For the first time, he looks panicked.
I reach for the gun in my pocket.
Pointing it at him, I pull the trigger.
But then realise it's empty.
Well, you're dead.
Shot to death.
And no explanation was given.
If you feel you're owed one, think again.
Why would someone explain to their victims why they're being killed?
It wouldn't make sense.
If you want a clearer understanding, you'll have to seek it out yourself.