Chapter: The Arrival
Character: Ted Harring
Butler: Welcome, sir.
Ted Harring: Hello, I'm Ted Harring. I've been invited by Lady Claythorn.
Butler: Yes, of course, Mr Harring.
Butler: Welcome to Claythorn Manor.
Butler: I am afraid you won't have time to change right now.
Butler: Everyone is already there, and dinner will be ready very soon.
Butler: If you'll follow me to the tea room, you may join the rest of the party for some drinks.
Well, it's not as if I have multiple changes of clothes anyway. So, I follow him.
As I step into the room, the butler loudly announces me.
Butler: Mr Ted Harring!
Everyone turns their heads towards me.
Some people nod in my direction, while others barely acknowledge my presence.
From afar, the butler provides me with a brief introduction to each guest.
Butler: The older gentleman speaking is from India, and his name is Sushil Sinha.
Butler: He is in conversation with Rosalind Marsh...
Butler: ... and with Daniel Baldwin, the gentleman with spectacles.
Butler: Do not be alarmed by the man in the mask.
Butler: He is a war veteran, Mr Thomas Moody.
Butler: The person on the sofa, who looks rather exhausted, is Mr Samuel Manning.
Butler: The lady in the corner is Mrs Amelia Baxter.
Ted Harring: I don't see our host in the room.
Butler: Lady Claythorn is still busy at the moment.
Butler: You'll meet her at dinner.
After this introduction, he leaves me and goes to stand in the corner of the room.
Most of the guests are already engaged in conversation.
However, Amelia Baxter and Samuel Manning are alone.
They seem more approachable than the rest.
Menu Choice: Talk to Amelia Baxter
I am approaching the middle-aged woman.
Ted Harring: Nice to meet you, Miss Baxter. I am Ted Harring.
Amelia Baxter: How do you do, Mr Harring.
Menu Choice: What do you think of this weather?
Amelia Baxter: Well, it is not very original to ask about such things when meeting someone new.
Amelia Baxter: But it is true that this is not your average rain. It looks more like a dangerous storm to me.
Amelia Baxter: And since we are, essentially, in the middle of nowhere, that is reason enough to be a little nervous, I suppose.
Menu Choice: Tell me more about yourself.
Amelia Baxter: Oh, where to begin? I suppose I'm just an old woman who keeps herself busy.
Amelia Baxter: I tend to my garden and brew herbal remedies,
Amelia Baxter: and I usually keep to myself, save for the séances I frequently organise.
Ted Harring: Séances? You mean like talking to the dead?
Amelia Baxter: Well, simply put, yes. But there's more to it than that, of course.
Ted Harring: I've never been to one of those... séances. How does that work?
Amelia Baxter: There isn't just one way of doing it.
Amelia Baxter: Personally, I usually ask people to bring items that belonged to their loved ones who have passed.
Amelia Baxter: Through these objects, I am able to form a bond with the soul of the deceased.
Amelia Baxter: Then they communicate with me. Sometimes it is but a whisper, scarcely audible.
Amelia Baxter: Other times, I can see them clearly, just as I see you now.
Amelia Baxter: And on rare occasions, they can take over my body and speak directly to their loved ones through me.
Ted Harring: You mean... like being possessed?
Amelia Baxter: Yes, but do not worry, there is nothing unholy in it.
Amelia Baxter: It only lasts for a few moments, and I always regain full control immediately after.
Still... that doesn't make me feel at ease.
What is that? A gong?
Butler: Dinner is served. Please, follow me to the dining room.
Everyone takes a seat at the spot labelled with their names.
As I observe each person, Lady Claythorn makes her entrance into the room.
She looks younger than I had imagined.
I don't know why, but I pictured an elderly, bored lady. Yet she looks nothing like that.
Her clothes, which are the most impressive of anyone's in the room, make her status clear.
She proceeds to take her seat at the table.
Lady Claythorn: Welcome, everyone. My apologies for keeping you waiting.
Lady Claythorn: Now that we're all gathered, I'd like to express my gratitude once more.
Lady Claythorn: As you already know, you are here because of the heroic acts you've committed in the past.
Lady Claythorn: I've taken notice of these actions and felt it was my responsibility to extend a formal 'thank you.'
Lady Claythorn: I realise the invitation letter you received was somewhat vague, so let me clarify its contents now.
Lady Claythorn: My first gift to you is a stay at my manor.
Lady Claythorn: You'll be fully catered to, enjoying the most refined food, expertly prepared by my personal chef.
Lady Claythorn: During the three days we'll spend together, we'll also partake in various activities, which I'm sure you'll find enjoyable.
Lady Claythorn: My second gift is a sum of one thousand pounds, awarded to each and every one of you.
Lady Claythorn: This is my way of thanking those as selfless as yourselves, who help others without thought of reward.
Following her speech, our host settles back down in her chair.
After her speech, everyone appears pleased.
A few of the guests begin to express their appreciation to the host.
Lady Claythorn: Please, there's no need to thank me.
Lady Claythorn: The food will be served shortly.
Lady Claythorn: Enjoy your meal.
At that moment, the butler enters the room, accompanied by the footman.
They begin to serve the first dish and pour drinks for everyone.
The mood in the room gradually relaxes, and the sound of various conversations fills the space.
I turn my attention to the guests seated next to me.
I find myself sitting between Amelia Baxter and Daniel Baldwin.
Menu Choice: Talk to Amelia Baxter
Ted Harring: Hi again Miss Baxter.
Amelia Baxter: Hello Mr Harring.
Menu Choice: Why were you invited here?
Amelia Baxter: I was invited here because of something I did a couple of years ago.
Amelia Baxter: You might actually remember the event. It was in all the papers at the time.
Amelia Baxter: You see, with my talent, I am sometimes able to help people who desperately need it.
Amelia Baxter: One day, a young couple came to see me.
Amelia Baxter: Their only son, not even five years old, had been kidnapped.
Amelia Baxter: The police had no clues about what might have happened.
Amelia Baxter: Desperate, they sought my help.
Amelia Baxter: Right away, I could tell the child was still alive but in great danger.
Amelia Baxter: I saw him with a specific individual whom I described to the couple.
Amelia Baxter: They were able to identify her immediately.
Amelia Baxter: She was an old family friend who often visited their house.
Amelia Baxter: Nobody had suspected her until that point.
Amelia Baxter: But it turned out I was right. The child was indeed with her.
Amelia Baxter: She was arrested and the boy was safely returned to his parents.
Amelia Baxter: Since they were prestigious members of the nobility, a duke and duchess, the story was prominent in the press.
Amelia Baxter: My popularity grew quite a lot after that.
Ted Harring: Wait, I don't understand.
Ted Harring: How did you know the child was in danger?
Ted Harring: You can also communicate with people who are still alive?
Amelia Baxter: In a sense yes.
Amelia Baxter: Like I said, there is more to my gift than simply speaking with the dead.
Amelia Baxter: I can also sense if someone's life is at risk.
Amelia Baxter: Some say it is because when someone is close to the other world, we can sense them almost like they are already there.
Amelia Baxter: But for myself, I think it's something else entirely.
Amelia Baxter: I believe I can only talk to the dead.
Amelia Baxter: So when I sense someone who yet lives, it means to me there is a version of them that does not.
Amelia Baxter: I am not sure if you understand what I mean.
Ted Harring: I don't know.
Ted Harring: You mean someone can be dead and alive at the same time?
Amelia Baxter: Yes. I believe some version of the person died in another realm of existence.
Amelia Baxter: Then they came back to help a version of them who is still alive.
Amelia Baxter: I am sorry. That must sound like nonsense to you.
Amelia Baxter: Forget I said anything. I get carried away sometimes.
Amelia Baxter: But tell me. Why were you invited yourself?
So I tell her my story.
Amelia Baxter: Oh how interesting! I assumed most people were here because of something they did during the war.
Ted Harring: It would have been difficult for me. I was but sixteen when the war ended.
Amelia Baxter: Really? I thought you were older.
Menu Choice: What do you think of this place?
Amelia Baxter: Such a magnificent house, is it not?
Amelia Baxter: Even if the style is not very recent, it still possesses a great deal of charm.
Amelia Baxter: You don't see a lot of that type of place anymore.
Amelia Baxter: The only problem is I don't see a lot of help for a house this big.
Amelia Baxter: And I don't think money is a problem.
Amelia Baxter: Lady Claythorn couldn't possibly give away so much money if she lacked the means.
Amelia Baxter: More likely, she couldn't find enough people to come live here.
Amelia Baxter: It has become very hard to recruit good help since the war.
Amelia Baxter: And it must be especially difficult when you are so far away from a city.
Amelia Baxter: Even in London, some of my neighbours struggle to find staff.
Amelia Baxter: In any case, she should have made more of an effort for this weekend.
Amelia Baxter: I hope we won't suffer any inconvenience because of this.
All right. I would not have thought of that.
She seems in her element here.
Am I the only one in here who has never had a butler waiting on him?
Menu Choice: How old are you?
Amelia Baxter: I beg your pardon?
Amelia Baxter: Are you truly asking me that? Were you raised in a barn?
Amelia Baxter: Only a person without any social skills would ask such a question of a respectable lady.
I mutter an apology and quickly change the subject.
Menu Choice: What do you think of the other guests?
Amelia Baxter: I've just met them. So I can't say I know a lot yet.
Amelia Baxter: All I know is that this guy over there ...
She points at Sushil Sinha.
Amelia Baxter: ... is monopolising the conversation.
Amelia Baxter: And he is very noisy too.
Amelia Baxter: It's not very tactful if you ask me.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for her
Menu Choice: Eat in silence, like a sociopath
The dinner comes to an end.
The host explains that we can continue our discussion and enjoy drinks in the billiard room, or, for those tired from the journey, we can simply retire for the night.
Since I haven't seen my room yet, I should probably head there first.
I ask the footman to show me the way.
The footman escorts me up the grand staircase, leading me to the first floor.
Footman: Here you are, sir.
Footman: You've been assigned the 'William the Conqueror' room.
I step into the bedroom.
It is more spacious than my flat, and more luxurious than I could have imagined.
Footman: I hope the room suits your taste.
Ted Harring: This is... this is good, yes. Thank you.
The footman exits the room.
I look around in disbelief.
After a while, I unpack my modest luggage.
It does not take long. So, what should I do now?
Map Choice: Male Servants Room
I took the stairs to the attic.
I'm not sure if I should be here.
I try to open the room, but it's closed.
Map Choice: Female Servants Room
I try to open the room, but it's closed.
Map Choice: Butler's Room
I try to open the room, but it's closed.
Map Choice: Storage Room
I try to open the attic storage room, but it's closed.
Map Choice: Queen Alexandra
I knock on the door.
Nobody answers.
Should I try to enter anyway?
No, that's probably a bad idea.
Map Choice: Richard III Bedroom
I knock on the door.
Nobody answers.
Should I try to enter anyway?
No, that's probably a bad idea.
Map Choice: George IV Bedroom
I knock on the door.
Nobody answers.
After knocking, the door slightly opens.
It was not even closed.
It would be easy to go in if I wanted to.
Should I try to enter anyway?
No, that's probably a bad idea.
Map Choice: Henry IV Bedroom
I knock on the door.
Nobody answers.
Should I try to enter anyway?
No, that's probably a bad idea.
Map Choice: Elizabeth I Bedroom
I knock on the door.
Amelia Baxter: Yes? Who is it?
Ted Harring: Hi, it's Ted Harring.
Amelia Baxter: Hello again. What do you want Mr Harring?
Ted Harring: I am not sure. But maybe we could continue our conversation from earlier.
Amelia Baxter: Oh, Mr Harring. I'm afraid I was preparing for bed. We can speak again tomorrow.
Ted Harring: Of course, I apologize.
It's getting quite late now.
Going back to my room is probably the best thing to do.
It's been a long day and I'm exhausted from the trip.
So I change and get directly into bed.
Almost instantly, I fall asleep.