Chapter: Things Get Darker
Character: Thomas Moody
We come back to the manor, exhausted and quiet.
The butler takes our rifle back to the gun room.
He looks distraught for some reason.
Lady Claythorn, Miss Baxter and Miss Marsh are in the hall to meet us.
Amelia Baxter: Welcome back, how was the hunt?
Sushil Sinha: We had a nice day out in the woods, but sadly we are coming back empty-handed.
Lady Claythorn: These things happen, Captain.
Lady Claythorn: No need to worry, we didn't rely on this hunt for our dinner tonight.
Sushil Sinha: Of course, I did not want to imply we were.
Sushil Sinha: I am sure the dinner will be lovely.
Thomas Moody: By the way, have the police arrived yet?
Rosalind Marsh: No, nobody has come yet.
Rosalind Marsh: But I hope they will arrive soon.
Lady Claythorn: I am sure they will.
Lady Claythorn: In the meantime, we can all take the opportunity to go and change.
Lady Claythorn: We can gather again for dinner at the usual time.
I return to my room to change, and take the opportunity of a moment alone to think.
I am still not sure what is happening here.
All I know is that this whole event is a lie, but I cannot make out its ultimate goal.
But the letters left for Thomas and Samuel Manning leave no doubt.
We are all in danger here.
Maybe I should stop treating this like a story, and run while I still have the time.
I really hope the police will arrive soon, and put an end to this madness.
The police.
A thought occurs to me, am I really sure they will come?
Lady Claythorn didn't seem surprised they were not there yet.
But I would assume that when an unnatural death is reported, they would come at once.
I sit on my bed, and try to think of what I should do.
I am still deep in my thoughts when the gong rings.
We all take our usual seats around the dining table.
I glance at Ted Harring's empty chair, and think it could have been worse had I not intervened with Samuel Manning.
Lady Claythorn rises to address us.
Lady Claythorn: Now that everyone is here, I want to express my deepest regret for what happened this morning to poor Mister Harring.
Lady Claythorn: This isn't how I imagined our weekend.
Lady Claythorn: Nevertheless, I hope you enjoyed today's activities.
Lady Claythorn: Tomorrow, if the weather allows it, a game of croquet will be held in the garden, followed by an outdoor lunch.
Lady Claythorn: Afterwards, you'll receive your rewards, then you will be free to return home.
Lady Claythorn: For now, enjoy your dinner.
Lady Claythorn: Drinks will be available in the billiard room afterwards, as they were yesterday.
Thomas Moody: Excuse me, Lady Claythorn, if I may, have you received any news from the police?
Lady Claythorn: Right, I forgot to tell you.
Lady Claythorn: We telephoned the police station moments ago.
Lady Claythorn: I am afraid they won't be coming today.
Sushil Sinha: What!? Why not?
Lady Claythorn: They were on their way but encountered a huge tree blocking the road.
Lady Claythorn: They couldn't get past it.
Lady Claythorn: They said they'll be back tomorrow with assistance.
Lady Claythorn: But you should not worry, I am sure everything will be sorted tomorrow morning.
The police won't come, just as I feared.
One more reason to be cautious tonight.
But did she really call them, or is it another lie?
The telephone is in the entrance hall, maybe I should check for myself.
The meal is served quickly after that.
Everyone is rather quiet and I do not feel like talking either.
But if I don't engage with our host, it could be seen as rude, or even suspicious.
Menu Choice: Speak to Lady Claythorn
Thomas Moody: You have kept a steady hand on the house today, Lady Claythorn.
Thomas Moody: It cannot have been an easy day to preside over.
Lady Claythorn: You are kind to say so, Mr Moody.
I should ask her more questions, even though I feel I have learned what I needed to know about her.
Menu Choice: What do you think of the other guests?
Lady Claythorn: A remarkable assembly, every one of them.
Lady Claythorn: But it would be improper of me to discuss my guests behind their backs.
A careful answer. She gives nothing away.
Menu Choice: What do you think of this place?
Lady Claythorn: This "place" has been in my family for quite some time.
Lady Claythorn: I have always found it rather quaint.
Lady Claythorn: It is a trifle too large for me and my staff, I am afraid.
Lady Claythorn: But I can't really give it up, it's my legacy.
Menu Choice: How old are you?
Lady Claythorn: My age? What a peculiar thing to ask a lady.
Thomas Moody: Forgive me.
Thomas Moody: I wasn't thinking.
Lady Claythorn: Evidently.
Menu Choice: What room are you in?
Lady Claythorn: The master bedroom is named after Henry IV.
Lady Claythorn: Why, I am not sure exactly.
Menu Choice: You don't have any more questions for her
The dinner ends as quietly as it began.
Lady Claythorn wishes us each a good night, and informs us that drinks are available in the billiard room, like yesterday.
The others drift towards the stairs and I follow them.
I lock my door, and take a moment to think of what to do.
I know Lady Claythorn is not to be trusted.
Most likely she is the one who conspired to hurt Captain Sinha, as well as Doctor Baldwin.
That would mean Ted Harring's death is probably not accidental either.
Whatever is happening here, nobody is safe.
If I don't do anything, I am afraid some of us might not survive the night.
But leaving now is impossible, even if there were nothing wrong with the road.
I doubt Lady Claythorn will just lend us her car.
But what could I do?
Since I have already opened up to Samuel Manning, I feel I could trust him.
Doctor Baldwin and Captain Sinha were both intended victims, so logically, I could trust them as well.
Logically.
But everything is so twisted I am not sure of anything right now.
Map Choice: Henry IV Bedroom
I knock.
No answer.
It is probably best.
Confronting Lady Claythorn alone, and at this hour, might have been a bad idea.
Map Choice: Queen Alexandra Bedroom
I knock at Miss Marsh's door.
No answer.
But I can't blame her if she wants to be alone tonight.
Map Choice: Edward II Bedroom
I knock at Doctor Baldwin's door. Nothing.
I knock a second time, harder.
From within comes a mumble, the creak of a bed.
Doctor Baldwin is there, but he won't come out.
Map Choice: George IV Bedroom
I knock.
The door is not closed, so my touch is enough to open it.
From the hallway I glance into a room in a poor state.
There is nobody inside.
I do not go in. I do not want to be caught in someone else's room.
Map Choice: Elizabeth I Bedroom
I knock at Miss Baxter's door, and give my name.
But she is not answering.
Map Choice: George I Bedroom
I knock.
No light beneath the door, and no answer.
Map Choice: William the Conqueror Bedroom
I enter Ted Harring's room.
His body is still on the bed, with bedsheets covering his face.
I don't know what possessed me to come here.
It is not as if I could learn anything from a dead man.
I prepare to turn back when I spot something peculiar.
A single rose has been laid next to him.
Somebody has been grieving strongly enough to want to show their affection.
But nobody in this house is supposed to have known him.
How peculiar.
Map Choice: Turn in for the night
I do no think there is more I can do tonight, so I return to my room.
I sit on my bed but with the intent on keeping my eyes open until morning.
I am half asleep when I hear glass breaking, too far away to be in my room.
I stand up and notice that the room is warm.
Then I smell something.
Smoke.
It is coming from outside, through the door.
Instinctively I try to get out, but the handle is piping hot.
I won't get out that way.
The smoke is getting thicker and I am afraid that I will pass out if I wait any longer.
There is only one other escape route.
The window.
I open it and look down.
There is an iron fence that frightens me a bit.
But now the fire has reached the door.
I have no choice, so I climb over the sill and hang by my arms.
If I manage my fall, I should avoid any injury.
You avoided being burnt alive, but ended up impaled on an iron fence.
Hard to say which ending would have been better.
It hardly matters anyway.