Chapter: An Empty Manor
Character: Thomas Moody
Dawn has come by the time I wake, stiff in my watch chair.
I cannot believe I fell asleep.
I check my mask at once, and find it slightly crooked.
I adjust it and look about the room, but nobody is watching me.
I turn to Captain Sinha, who is sitting perfectly straight on his chair.
Sushil Sinha: Ah, Mr Moody, you are awake.
Sushil Sinha: I believe you managed a little sleep.
Sushil Sinha: I did not, but it is quite all right.
Sushil Sinha: Do not worry, nothing happened during the night.
Thomas Moody: Good.
Thomas Moody: I am sorry, I did not think I would fall asleep.
Sushil Sinha: It happens.
Sushil Sinha: Do not blame yourself too much for it.
I look around the room.
Everyone is awake now, all of them dishevelled.
Doctor Baldwin is in particularly bad shape, having contracted a sort of fever.
Samuel Manning is already back to drinking from his pocket flask.
The ladies have managed to make themselves presentable, and Captain Sinha looks as though he had passed a perfectly ordinary night in his own bed.
I wonder what I look like, but it hardly matters now.
It is time for action, and Captain Sinha takes the lead.
Sushil Sinha: Very well, now that everyone is awake, I think it is time we planned our next move.
People murmur in agreement.
Sushil Sinha: Good.
Sushil Sinha: What I suggest is this.
Sushil Sinha: Let us go quickly to our rooms and get ready for the long walk.
Sushil Sinha: We can meet afterwards in the entrance hall.
Sushil Sinha: The sooner we leave, the better.
Amelia Baxter: Captain, Miss Marsh and I have been speaking quietly together these last few minutes.
Amelia Baxter: And we have come to the sorry conclusion that we shall never make it.
Sushil Sinha: Not make it, Miss Baxter?
Sushil Sinha: It is a long journey, I will admit, but not a difficult one, merely a matter of following the road.
Sushil Sinha: And we shall walk slowly, and stop as often as you need.
Amelia Baxter: I do not doubt it is only a stroll to a man of your training, Captain.
Amelia Baxter: But my constitution is not the thing it once was, and I am not dressed for such an undertaking.
Rosalind Marsh: And I am no better.
Rosalind Marsh: My health has never been strong, and a whole day on a wet road would be very taxing.
Captain Sinha considers this, then turns towards me.
Sushil Sinha: Perhaps they are right, Mr Moody.
Sushil Sinha: This journey might not be fit for the ladies.
Sushil Sinha: It would be best if they stayed here.
Sushil Sinha: And even the men are not in perfect shape.
He looks at Samuel Manning, and Doctor Baldwin.
They both look sickly and exhausted.
Sushil Sinha: We would certainly go faster, just the two of us.
Sushil Sinha: We could fetch help and be back before sundown.
Sushil Sinha: What do you think?
Something in me refuses it, flatly, though I could not tell why.
If we do not leave together, something terrible will happen.
But how can I convince everyone of this?
Menu Choice: Show them the bottle of rat poison{{object}}
Thomas Moody: There is something I think you should see.
I take the bottle of rat poison from my coat and set it down on the billiard table.
Thomas Moody: I took this from the scullery on Friday night.
Thomas Moody: It was lying there, opened.
Thomas Moody: As if somebody had just used it.
Thomas Moody: Doctor, I believe Ted Harring may have been poisoned.
Doctor Baldwin picks the bottle up, turns it about, and hands it back to me.
Daniel Baldwin: Rat poison, I see.
Daniel Baldwin: Mr Harring's symptoms could point to it, that is right.
Daniel Baldwin: But there is no way to know for sure.
Thomas Moody: Of course, but you admit it is strange, right?
Daniel Baldwin: It is a strange coincidence, perhaps.
Daniel Baldwin: But that does not say much either.
Daniel Baldwin: Almost every house in England has some kind of poison like this one.
Thomas Moody: Right, I suppose that is not proof in itself.
Menu Choice: Talk about the Boxer Rebellion{{observation}}
Thomas Moody: Doctor, I remember you told me you served in the Boxer Rebellion.
Thomas Moody: Is that correct?
Daniel Baldwin: It is.
Daniel Baldwin: That was my first post as a field surgeon.
It is dangerous to speak as Thomas here, for I do not know the details of his part in that conflict.
But I must, if I am to prove my point.
Thomas Moody: Quite.
Thomas Moody: That struck me as odd, you see, because I fought in that war as well.
Daniel Baldwin: Really?
Daniel Baldwin: Why did you not say so before?
Thomas Moody: I do not like to dwell on the past.
Thomas Moody: But now I feel this could be relevant.
Sushil Sinha: It is indeed, for I was there myself.
Sushil Sinha: I was...
Rosalind Marsh: Good heavens!
Rosalind Marsh: So was I.
A pause follows that declaration.
Sushil Sinha: You were, Miss Marsh?
Rosalind Marsh: Yes, as a very young nurse.
Sushil Sinha: That is extraordinary.
Sushil Sinha: Such a coincidence...
Thomas Moody: Captain, it is clear this is no longer a coincidence.
Thomas Moody: Four of us served in a relatively small conflict, decades ago.
Thomas Moody: It is very likely the reason we have been gathered here.
Daniel Baldwin: What do you mean?
Daniel Baldwin: What could have happened there?
Thomas Moody: I do not know, but if we can find out, we might begin to understand what is happening here.
Thomas Moody: First, it is important to know whether anyone else was with us in China at that time.
Thomas Moody: Mr Manning?
Samuel Manning: Yes?
Samuel Manning: I am sorry, what is it?
Thomas Moody: We were wondering whether you fought in China, or were there at all, during the Boxer Rebellion.
Samuel Manning: China?
Samuel Manning: No, I have never been there.
Samuel Manning: And certainly not during any rebellion.
Samuel Manning: I should remember that.
Amelia Baxter: Nor I.
Amelia Baxter: I have never so much as left this country.
Thomas Moody: Indeed.
Thomas Moody: And Ted Harring was obviously too young to have been there.
Thomas Moody: As for Lady Claythorn, she was in all likelihood too young as well.
Thomas Moody: I am not certain of her age, but...
Rosalind Marsh: She would have been too young indeed.
Rosalind Marsh: I was so young myself, and Lady Claythorn is a few years younger than I am.
Rosalind Marsh: She would have been a child at that time.
Thomas Moody: I see.
Thomas Moody: Unlikely, but not impossible.
Thomas Moody: Sadly, we shall not hear her point of view.
Thomas Moody: But we may still try, between ourselves, to understand what happened.
Thomas Moody: Now, do you recognise any of the others?
Thomas Moody: For myself, I do not recognise any of you.
I can only hope Thomas did not know them either.
Rosalind Marsh: Well, we never spoke of it, but I believe I worked with Doctor Baldwin.
Daniel Baldwin: We did?
Daniel Baldwin: I am sorry, I am not sure I remember you.
Rosalind Marsh: Of course, I was very young, and there were a great many nurses.
Daniel Baldwin: Of course.
Sushil Sinha: Now that I think of it, I may have heard or seen your name as well.
Sushil Sinha: But I do not believe we ever spoke.
Daniel Baldwin: I am sorry, Captain.
Daniel Baldwin: I do not remember.
Sushil Sinha: I am not surprised.
Sushil Sinha: There were a great many other soldiers of Indian descent.
An awkward silence follows.
Thomas Moody: Well, that is not much to go on.
Thomas Moody: Do you remember anything of note that could have linked the four of us together?
Sushil Sinha: That is hard to say.
Sushil Sinha: It was a long time ago.
Sushil Sinha: And a great many things of importance happened.
Sushil Sinha: As they tend to, in wartime.
Sushil Sinha: But I cannot think of anything in particular.
Daniel Baldwin: Neither can I.
Rosalind Marsh: Nor can I, I am sorry.
Thomas Moody: It is all right.
Thomas Moody: I cannot think of anything myself.
But Thomas could have.
I feel a pang in my heart when I think of him.
Thomas Moody: Well, that does not help us much for the moment, but it is a start.
Menu Choice: Let it go. Leave with Captain Sinha
I see in their eyes that I shall not be able to convince them.
That leaves me only one choice.
Thomas Moody: Very well, Captain.
Thomas Moody: The two of us, then.
Thomas Moody: I assume Doctor Baldwin and Mr Manning will stay here to protect the ladies.
Samuel Manning is still deep in thought.
But Doctor Baldwin gives a slight nod in agreement.
They will not be the best bodyguards today, but that will have to do.
Thomas Moody: The rest of you keep together, with the door shut until we come back.
Thomas Moody: Together, mind.
Thomas Moody: Nobody wanders this house alone, not for a moment, not for any reason.
Rosalind Marsh: We shall stay here for as long as needed.
Rosalind Marsh: Do not worry.
Sushil Sinha: Very well.
Sushil Sinha: No need to waste any more time, then.
Sushil Sinha: Mr Moody.
Thomas Moody: Yes, let us go.
We take our coats, leave the billiard room, and put Claythorn Manor behind us.