Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Ted Harring
Well, I do not know if this is my best idea.
But I suppose it did not feel right to stay behind with the ladies.
Butler: So, this is your first hunt, Mr Harring?
Ted Harring: Yes. I must admit that I don't even know how to use a rifle.
Butler: Not to worry, sir. A footman will follow you and will reload the gun for you.
Butler: All you have to do is point at your target when you encounter something and pull the trigger.
Ted Harring: All right, that sounds easy enough. Will everyone have a footman as well?
Butler: It will be just you, I believe. I will be with Lady Claythorn, and the others insisted they didn't need help.
Of course. So I shall be the weak link today. Brilliant.
Ted Harring: I see. And what kind of animal are we hunting today?
Butler: I think we will mostly encounter wild birds. But we might also run into some rabbits or even deer.
Ted Harring: Aren't those dangerous?
Butler: Not if you don't get too close to them. And again, you won't be alone, so there's no reason to be scared.
Ted Harring: I am not scared, just curious.
Butler: Right.
Butler: Anyway, you can pick up this gun and wear the clothes I laid out on the table.
Butler: Join the others outside when you're ready.
Ted Harring: Perfect, thanks.
I try on the clothes laid out for me. They fit perfectly.
If something happens to me, at least I will look good.
I join the others in the garden.
They all look perfectly at ease in their hunting clothes.
There is Doctor Baldwin, Sushil Sinha, Lady Claythorn and her staff.
And even Samuel Manning is present.
Wait, what?
How on earth was he allowed to join us?
I approach the butler.
Ted Harring: Is it okay for Mr Manning to have a gun? He seemed a bit drunk this morning.
Butler: I was concerned about that at first too. But I just spoke to him, and I can assure you he's perfectly fine.
Butler: He might have been a bit off because of yesterday, but the breakfast and the events of this morning must have sobered him up.
Ted Harring: All right, if you're sure.
Still, I'd better stay away from him.
Butler: Good, now that everyone is ready, I propose we split into two groups.
Butler: It will be easier to spot game that way.
People agree, and Sushil Sinha asks to partner with our host.
The drunk man insists on going with the doctor, who reluctantly agrees.
I am the odd one out.
Which group should I join?
Menu Choice: Lady Claythorn and Sushil Sinha
Following our hostess seemed to be the safest course of action.
The only problem is that both she and Sushil Sinha are completely in their element.
While I clearly am not.
They've already shot a few rabbits and a pheasant.
Out of pity, they even tried to help me shoot a deer that crossed my path.
However, I merely managed to scare the animal away.
Sushil Sinha: Tough luck, Mr Harring. I'm sure you'll get the next one.
Ted Harring: Thank you, but I don't think this is for me. I believe I missed it by several feet.
Sushil Sinha: Don't fret, you just lack practice.
Sushil Sinha: Then again, it might be for the best. You wouldn't have wanted to serve in the war.
Sushil Sinha: It was truly brutal. Nothing like the previous conflicts I participated in.
Ted Harring: Have you fought in many wars?
Sushil Sinha: Indeed, I began my career in India and encountered my first battle during the war with Burma.
Sushil Sinha: I was also involved in the Chinese rebellion of the Boxer's. Then ...
Our conversation about the wars seemed to make Lady Claythorn uneasy, as she suddenly interrupts us.
Lady Claythorn: Well, I believe it's time for luncheon. How would you feel about settling here for our picnic?
Sushil Sinha: Yes, it's a perfect spot.
We began setting up the picnic.
However, before we could start eating, we heard a gunshot nearby.
Sushil Sinha: Ah, it sounds like the others have caught something. And they're not far from here.
But soon after the gunshot, another sound followed.
A desperate cry for help.
The captain and I heard it, immediately jumping to our feet.
We rushed in the direction of the cry.
Soon, we came upon the others.
Doctor Baldwin is on the ground.
Standing beside him is Samuel Manning, visibly shaken.
Samuel Manning: Oh my God, oh my God.
Samuel Manning: It was an accident.
Samuel Manning: I can't believe this happened.
Captain Sinha grabbed him.
Sushil Sinha: What have you done, fool?
Samuel Manning: I shot at a rabbit, but missed.
Samuel Manning: I didn't mean to hit him.
Samuel Manning: I didn't...
We look down at Daniel Baldwin.
Next to him are empty vials and a syringe.
Footman: He asked me to give him that.
Footman: Then he nodded off right after.
Captain Sinha sits next to the victim to check his pulse.
Sushil Sinha: It is too late.
Sushil Sinha: His heart has stopped.
Sushil Sinha: He is dead.