Chapter: Introduction
Character: Ted Harring
As I approach my destination, I read the letter that has brought me on this trip for the tenth time.
Letter: 5th September, 1924
Letter: Dear Mr Harring,
Letter: I am pleased to announce that you have been selected as one of the recipients of the "Exceptional Act of Bravery Award".
Letter: You'll be receiving the prize, along with six other courageous individuals, at a reception organised in your honour.
Letter: As a thank you, a weekend of leisure at Claythorn Manor has been planned for all of you to enjoy.
Letter: Afterwards, a prize of one thousand pounds in bearer bonds will be handed to you.
Letter: Please note that your presence is mandatory in order to receive the prize.
Letter: All you have to do is be at Aberdeen Station, on the 13th of October around 4PM, where someone will drive you to the manor.
Letter: Hoping to see you soon, ...
More information follows, but that's about the content of it.
It is signed by "Lady Claythorn".
I've never heard of her.
I couldn't really believe it at first.
I don't think I am that deserving. At least no more than hundreds of other guys in this country.
But no matter the reason, I can't possibly say no to this amount of money.
So I feel as if I do not have much choice.
But still, there's a part of me thinking,
maybe I should never have come.
As I step off the train, a man approaches me.
Footman: Welcome, sir. Are you by any chance heading to Claythorn Manor?
Ted Harring: Yes, as a matter of fact I am.
As proof, I hand him the letter that I still have in my hand.
Footman: Very well, sir. Allow me to assist you with your luggage. You can follow me to the car.
And just like that, we are on our way.
Ted Harring: So, you're Lady Claythorn's driver?
Footman: Yes— I mean, no.
Footman: I am actually her footman. I also drive people when necessary.
Ted Harring: Oh. The driver must be busy with all the guests coming, I suppose.
Ted Harring: Do you know how many people have been invited this weekend?
Footman: Well... I am not sure, sir. Half a dozen at least, I believe.
Footman: I'm sorry, sir, but I must concentrate on the road. Lady Claythorn doesn't like it when I'm distracted.
Ted Harring: Of course, I am sorry.
Footman: No need for apologies, sir.
I seem to have made him uneasy. Perhaps he's not used to small talk with guests.
This feels odd, as I'm usually on the other end of this treatment.
I wonder how well I'll blend in with the other folks at the manor.
They might be used to this kind of service.
But then again, perhaps not. Maybe Lady Claythorn likes to help people like me.
We'll see.
After we leave Aberdeen, we drive into the countryside, then into what seems to be a vast forest.
About twenty minutes later, all signs of human life disappear.
It's nothing but dense woodland as far as the eye can see.
The isolation makes me feel a bit uneasy, being so far from everywhere else.
And the sight of an approaching storm in the sky only adds to my unease.
Eventually, an imposing mansion emerges on the horizon.
It's bigger than any house I've ever been in.
A big country house.
Everyone who was anyone in England used to have one.
Now I've heard a lot of people can't afford them anymore.
They're sold, turned into hotels, or simply abandoned—left there to rot.
What a shame.
As the footman unloads my luggage from the car, I approach the entrance, where a butler opens the door to welcome me.
I step into the most remarkable hall I've ever set foot in.