Chapter: Final Decisions
Character: Daniel Baldwin
We are all seated in the tea room, Captain Sinha, Ted Harring, Amelia Baxter, and I.
Each of us is deep in thought.
The manor feels hollow now, stripped of its usual life.
Captain Sinha breaks the silence.
Sushil Sinha: Whatever happened here was coordinated.
Sushil Sinha: Staff and guests alike did not simply wander off.
Ted Harring: But why?
Captain Sinha leans towards me and whispers in my ear.
Sushil Sinha: Perhaps it is better to tell them everything.
Sushil Sinha: We might need their help if we are to get out of here intact.
Sushil Sinha: What do you think, Doctor?
Amelia Baxter: Excuse me, what are you two whispering about?
Amelia Baxter: Is there something we should know?
Menu Choice: Share what you know with the others
Daniel Baldwin: I believe you are right, Captain.
Daniel Baldwin: We might as well tell you everything we know.
So I tell them about the letter we found in Samuel Manning's room, and how it lead to our fight, and his death.
They look at me puzzled at first, taking it in.
When the implications are clear to them, they look frightened.
Amelia Baxter: How terrible.
Amelia Baxter: But who could be behind this?
Sushil Sinha: That's what we've been trying to figure out, without success.
Of course, we are not saying what everyone is thinking.
We are all suspects to the others.
We may have made a choice to trust them, but deep down we'll stay watchful.
Amelia Baxter: Right, so right now you don't have more idea than we do.
Sushil Sinha: That is correct.
Sushil Sinha: We only believe that the obvious suspect is Lady Claythorn.
Amelia Baxter: Of course, but we don't know enough to be sure are we?
Amelia Baxter: We need more information to really know what's happening.
Menu Choice: Tell them about the footman{{observation}}
Daniel Baldwin: There is something else you should know.
Daniel Baldwin: The footman was not who he claimed to be.
Daniel Baldwin: He told me he was an actor.
Sushil Sinha: An actor?
Sushil Sinha: Now that you mention it, I remember he made a few mistakes during dinner.
Sushil Sinha: I assumed he was new to the job.
Amelia Baxter: It is true, he was a bit inexperienced.
Sushil Sinha: And now that you mention it, so were the others.
Amelia Baxter: Right, and there were not many of them either.
Amelia Baxter: A house this big should have twice the staff, at least, compared to what I have seen.
Amelia Baxter: I simply thought it was due to a labour shortage.
Ted Harring remains silent through the whole exchange.
He clearly did not notice anything out of place.
I must admit I did not either.
Daniel Baldwin: So, in your view, the staff was not what you expected.
Amelia Baxter: Perhaps not.
Sushil Sinha: Not at all, in my opinion.
Sushil Sinha: But that doesn't say much.
Sushil Sinha: I assume a lot of struggling artist end up doing this kind of work.
Sushil Sinha: The times have changed, it is no longer the case that you were born in service and stay in it your whole life.
Amelia Baxter: Sadly.
Sushil Sinha: On the other hand, it could also mean they were part of whatever is happening here.
Sushil Sinha: It would explain why we cannot see any of them here today.
Amelia Baxter: Maybe, but again, there is no way to know for sure.
Sushil Sinha: Of course.
I do not believe Andrew was involved, at least not in anything that would harm us.
But I cannot tell them why.
Besides, I did not know him all that well.
Menu Choice: Tell them about Rosalind Marsh{{observation}}
Daniel Baldwin: I am not sure if it is relevant, but I realised earlier that Miss Marsh and I were already acquainted.
Daniel Baldwin: I don't know if it is relevant or if it just a coincidence.
Sushil Sinha: It would be a very improbable coincidence indeed.
Sushil Sinha: That out of the millions of people in the realm, Lady Claythorn chose two that know each other.
Sushil Sinha: You could be onto something doctor.
Sushil Sinha: How well did you know her?
Daniel Baldwin: Not very well of course, I didn't even recognize her at first.
Daniel Baldwin: We met a very long time ago, during the Boxer's rebellion, you see we...
Sushil Sinha: Wait, Doctor. You were in China during the Boxer's Rebellion?
Daniel Baldwin: Yes, as was miss Marsh apparently.
Sushil Sinha: In that case, that can't be a coincidence Doctor.
Sushil Sinha: You see, I was there myself.
Daniel Baldwin: You were?
Daniel Baldwin: I don't remember you.
Sushil Sinha: Well, there was a vast among of Indian soldiers fighting for the country.
Sushil Sinha: It may have been different for you to tell us apart.
Sushil Sinha: In any case, we didn't associate a lot with people from the metropolis.
Sushil Sinha: But know that I try to remember, I think I can see talking to a young doctor looking a bit like yourself.
Daniel Baldwin: Well, right.
Daniel Baldwin: It's possible we've met before as well, then.
Ted Harring: How queer.
Ted Harring: What are the chances of that?
Sushil Sinha: That it happened by chance that at least three people present here tonight met before?
Sushil Sinha: I would say close to to zero Mr Harring.
Sushil Sinha: I would even dare to say that what happened in China could be the reason we are all here this weekend.
Everybody pounders that for a second.
Ted Harring: But I'be never been to China.
Amelia Baxter: Neither have I.
Amelia Baxter: And I am confident I never met anyone here before as well.
Sushil Sinha: Right, still this a very weird coincidence, we shouldn't overlook it.
Menu Choice: Do not tell them anything more
Once again, we all fall silent.
Trying to make sense of what is happening to us.
Ted Harring: Right, as I see it, we don't know much more than we did this morning.
Ted Harring: So what now?
Ted Harring: I feel like we've explored the whole place already.
Ted Harring: And we can't just sit around waiting for answers.
Sushil Sinha: No.
Sushil Sinha: We must act sensibly.
Sushil Sinha: It is obvious now that we have to leave.
Amelia Baxter: Of course, but how?
Amelia Baxter: The nearest town is miles away.
Amelia Baxter: I can't walk that far.
Amelia Baxter: And even if I could, I'm not prepared for such a journey.
Sushil Sinha: You might be right.
Sushil Sinha: It would be a long walk, and the weather might turn at any moment.
Sushil Sinha: We could be caught in another storm.
Sushil Sinha: It is probably unsafe for you to join us.
Amelia Baxter: But you're not going to leave me here alone, are you?
Amelia Baxter: What would become of me?
Sushil Sinha: We could lock you in a room.
Sushil Sinha: Though that is far from ideal.
Sushil Sinha: Perhaps one of us should stay with you.
Amelia Baxter: Yes!
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring can stay with me, right?
Amelia Baxter: The two of us should be safe until you return with help.
Sushil Sinha: That seems to be the wisest choice.
Sushil Sinha: What do you think, Mr Harring?
Ted Harring pauses for a second.
I can see my revelations have troubled him.
He does not seem certain what he ought to do.
Ted Harring: Of course, I'll stay.
Ted Harring: Only a monster would leave you alone like this.
Amelia Baxter: Thank you, Mr Harring.
Amelia Baxter: That means the world to me.
Sushil Sinha: Very well.
Sushil Sinha: Doctor Baldwin and I will go at once.
Sushil Sinha: I do not wish to lose time, darkness will be upon us soon.
Sushil Sinha: With luck, we shall be back with help tonight.
Amelia Baxter: Very well, we will wait here.
Amelia Baxter: Hopefully nothing will happen until then.
Sushil Sinha: Then it is decided.
Sushil Sinha: Doctor, let us take the bare necessities from our rooms and be on our way.
Sushil Sinha: The sooner, the better.
We took only a few things to help us on the road.
Most of our luggage remains at the manor.
We shall have it back soon enough, I hope.
Daniel Baldwin: That was a rather swift departure.
Sushil Sinha: Perhaps.
Sushil Sinha: But we were at an impasse.
Sushil Sinha: I do not believe we would have learned more by staying.
Sushil Sinha: There was no point in delaying the inevitable.
Sushil Sinha: Night will be upon us before long, and we must not waste a moment.
Daniel Baldwin: Indeed.
We set off at a brisk pace, hoping to reach the town before dark.
A couple of hours in, I am exhausted.
If I had been at my best, I might have kept up with Captain Sinha.
But my withdrawal is at its peak, and my pace is wretchedly slow.
He tried to encourage me at first.
Soon enough, he grew tired of waiting.
He is now well ahead, and with darkness drawing in, I can barely make him out in the distance.
I think I can hear something coming.
It sounds like a motor car.
It is coming from behind.
Could it be that the others finally found a way out?
I turn around.
I think I recognise Lady Claythorn's car.
I wave at it.
It does not slow.
It is coming at full speed towards me.
Have they not seen me?
I turn and try to run.
But I am too weak.
My legs give way, and I fall hard to the ground.
I look back at the car.
It only seems to be gaining speed.
I brace for impact.
You were hit by a car while crouching on the floor.
If you had more strength, you probably could have outrun it, or at least avoided it.
Perhaps you didn't pick the best of times to stop taking drugs.