Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Amelia Baxter
I let everyone know that I am opting out of the hunt.
It turns out Rosalind Marsh is the only other one who made the same choice.
We agreed to meet shortly for luncheon in the tea room.
I should find her there a bit before noon.
Map Choice: Storage Room
I climb the stairs to the attic and arrive in a dimly lit hallway.
There are multiple doors, most of them lie in darkness.
As I move into the hallway, I hear something.
Older Man: Hello, is someone there?
Amelia Baxter: Hello...
Amelia Baxter: My name is Amelia Baxter.
Older Man: Nice to meet you, Miss Baxter.
Older Man: It's rare to meet someone up here.
Older Man: I am usually by myself.
Amelia Baxter: Nice to meet you too.
Amelia Baxter: I am sorry to ask,
Amelia Baxter: but who are you?
Older Man: Oh, where are my manners?
Older Man: I am the Lord of this Manor, of course.
Wait, what?
Amelia Baxter: I am sorry, Lady Claythorn didn't mention you.
Older Man: Lady Claythorn? You probably mean my daughter then.
Older Man: I suppose she likes having all the attention to herself.
Older Man: She must be relieved that I spend most of my time alone in my room here.
Amelia Baxter: You live here?
Older Man: Yes, it's rather uncommon, but I enjoy how peaceful it is.
Older Man: Plus, I believe I have the biggest room in the manor.
He points to the big door in front of the stairs.
Amelia Baxter: Right...
I don't know what to say. There is something wrong with all this.
Older Man: So my dear, were you looking for something in particular by coming here?
Amelia Baxter: Well, not really. I was mostly exploring your home.
Older Man: In that case, I would advise you not to linger here.
Older Man: There's not much to see in this old attic.
Older Man: You'll find more interesting rooms downstairs.
Alright, he probably wants to stay alone.
Amelia Baxter: Of course, I will continue visiting elsewhere.
Older Man: Thank you, my dear.
Older Man: Enjoy your stay.
Amelia Baxter: Thank you.
This was rather peculiar.
I don't think I should return here too soon.
It's almost time for lunch, I should go wait in the Tea Room.
I am the first to arrive, so I pick a table and wait for Rosalind Marsh.
I am seated comfortably, lost in my thoughts when she enters the room.
Amelia Baxter: Miss Marsh, would you like to join me?
Rosalind Marsh: Yes, thank you.
Amelia Baxter: It seems we haven't really had a chance to talk yet, right?
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for her
Suddenly, a staff member walks in.
Young woman: Excuse me for interrupting, but do you ladies need some lunch?
Rosalind Marsh: That would be lovely, thank you.
After a few minutes, she returns with some plates.
As we eat, we chat about trivial matters.
When our lunch is over, Rosalind rises from her seat.
She lets out a painful cough.
Rosalind Marsh: I'm feeling rather poorly.
Rosalind Marsh: I think I will retire to my room.
Rosalind Marsh: Would you mind being left on your own?
Amelia Baxter: Not at all, please don't concern yourself.
Amelia Baxter: There is more than enough here to occupy me.
With the manor so quiet, I might seize the chance to explore unnoticed.
And perhaps I should call upon Rosalind Marsh later, to see how she is doing.
What should I do know?
Map Choice: Portrait Gallery
There are quite a few impressive portraits here.
However, no one else is present.
Now, I realise that there are probably paintings of the Claythorn family here.
I can't find Lady Claythorn here, but after a while I spot Lord Claythorn.
He looks exactly as he does in real life.
I check the label below the painting.
"Nicholas III, of Claythorn Manor"
So, Nicholas is his first name.
Map Choice: Library
Here is an impressive library.
"A Genealogical and Heraldic Dictionary of the Landed Gentry of Great Britain." is open on a table.
I take a closer look at the book.
It's the 8th edition, printed in 1894. That was quite some time ago.
Perhaps I should look up information about the people living here.
I find multiple entries for families with the name Claythorn.
There's only one place associated with a Nicholas.
Book: Nicholas Claythorn, of Claythorn Manor, 3rd Earl of Kilbraith.
Book: Born on June 22, 1813.
Book: His parents were Nicholas Claythorn, 2nd Earl of Kilbraith, and Agnes Cicely.
Book: With Mary Kirwan, his wife, he fathered one son and one daughter:
Book: 1. Elisabeth, his heir, born in 1865.
Book: 2. Andrew, born in 1867, died in 1869.
Book: Lineage...
There's additional information about the history of this place.
But something seems off.
Born in 1813.
Wait, that would make him...
111 years old?
That can't be right.
If that were true, he'd likely be the oldest man in England.
Possibly even the world.
Yet he didn't appear to be that old.
I suppose this must be an mistake in the book.
If they tried to list all the gentry of this country, they were bound to make some errors.
Map Choice: Return to the Attic
I've decided to return to the attic.
I have some questions to ask the "Lord" of this place.
But am I sure I should?
Menu Choice: On second thought, it is rather scary. Let's back down
I've changed my mind, I'd better leave him alone.
God knows what I might stir up here.
Map Choice: Wait until the others come back
There's nothing else I want to do right now.
I should just lie down on my bed for a bit.
Suddenly, noises from the main entrance catch my attention.
I should investigate.