Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Amelia Baxter
I let everyone know that I am opting out of the hunt.
It turns out Rosalind Marsh is the only other one who made the same choice.
We agreed to meet shortly for luncheon in the tea room.
I should find her there a bit before noon.
Map Choice: Edward II Bedroom
I knock on the door, waiting for a response.
There's silence. No one replies.
Most people are out for the hunt, so I suppose I could try to enter the room anyway.
But it would not look good if I were caught.
What should I do?
Menu Choice: I definitely shouldn't enter. That would be reckless!
It is better not to enter this room for now.
Map Choice: George IV Bedroom
I knock on the door, waiting for a response.
There's silence. No one replies.
The simple push I give to the door opens it.
I catch a glimpse inside his room from here.
It is quite untidy.
There seems to be nobody here as well.
Menu Choice: It won't hurt to give it a try. Let's go in and find out.
I push the door open quietly, making sure I'm unnoticed.
The room is untidy, dim, and reeks of alcohol.
Clothes are scattered on the floor.
This must be Samuel Manning's room.
I scan the room quickly but only see empty whisky bottles.
Honestly, this is just as I expected.
There's nothing else to do here.
Map Choice: Wait for Rosalind Marsh in the Tea Room
I don't really feel like exploring the Manor any further, so I decide to go wait in the Tea Room.
I am the first to arrive, so I pick a table and wait for Rosalind Marsh.
I am seated comfortably, lost in my thoughts when she enters the room.
Amelia Baxter: Miss Marsh, would you like to join me?
Rosalind Marsh: Yes, thank you.
Amelia Baxter: It seems we haven't really had a chance to talk yet, right?
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for her
Suddenly, a staff member walks in.
Young woman: Excuse me for interrupting, but do you ladies need some lunch?
Rosalind Marsh: That would be lovely, thank you.
After a few minutes, she returns with some plates.
As we eat, we chat about trivial matters.
When our lunch is over, Rosalind rises from her seat.
She lets out a painful cough.
Rosalind Marsh: I'm feeling rather poorly.
Rosalind Marsh: I think I will retire to my room.
Rosalind Marsh: Would you mind being left on your own?
Amelia Baxter: Not at all, please don't concern yourself.
Amelia Baxter: There is more than enough here to occupy me.
With the manor so quiet, I might seize the chance to explore unnoticed.
And perhaps I should call upon Rosalind Marsh later, to see how she is doing.
What should I do know?
Map Choice: Garden
A lovely garden.
I take a peaceful stroll through it.
Still, I notice nothing out of the ordinary.
There is a small shed at the far end of the garden.
Nothing in there but tools, I should think.
Not worth the trouble.
Map Choice: Billiard room
The billiard room is empty right now.
I should leave.
Map Choice: Dining Room
The dining area is currently unoccupied.
I shouldn't stay here.
Map Choice: Entrance Hall
A very nice great hall.
But it is totally empty.
Map Choice: Wait until the others come back
There's nothing else I want to do right now.
I should just lie down on my bed for a bit.
Suddenly, noises from the main entrance catch my attention.
I should investigate.