Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Amelia Baxter
I let everyone know that I am opting out of the hunt.
It turns out Rosalind Marsh is the only other one who made the same choice.
We agreed to meet shortly for luncheon in the tea room.
I should find her there a bit before noon.
Map Choice: Queen Alexandra Bedroom
I knock on the door.
Rosalind Marsh: Yes? Who's there?
Amelia Baxter: It's Amelia Baxter.
Rosalind Marsh: Oh, Mrs. Baxter, I'm really tired right now.
Rosalind Marsh: Can this wait until luncheon?
Amelia Baxter: Of course, sorry to trouble you.
Map Choice: George I Bedroom
I knock on the door, waiting for a response.
There's silence. No one replies.
Most people are out for the hunt, so I suppose I could try to enter the room anyway.
But it would not look good if I were caught.
What should I do?
Menu Choice: I definitely shouldn't enter. That would be reckless!
It is better not to enter this room for now.
Map Choice: Henry IV Bedroom
I knock on the door, waiting for a response.
There's silence. No one replies.
There seems to be nobody here as well.
Menu Choice: I shouldn't go in. That's too dangerous!
It is better not to enter this room for now.
Map Choice: Wait for Rosalind Marsh in the Tea Room
I don't really feel like exploring the Manor any further, so I decide to go wait in the Tea Room.
I am the first to arrive, so I pick a table and wait for Rosalind Marsh.
I am seated comfortably, lost in my thoughts when she enters the room.
Amelia Baxter: Miss Marsh, would you like to join me?
Rosalind Marsh: Yes, thank you.
Amelia Baxter: It seems we haven't really had a chance to talk yet, right?
Menu Choice: What do you think of the other guests?
Rosalind Marsh: Oh, up until now, I've mostly kept to myself.
Rosalind Marsh: I haven't talked to many people.
Rosalind Marsh: I am seated next to Samuel Manning, but we haven't had a very deep conversation yet.
Rosalind Marsh: Our host is the only other person I've had any real exchange with.
Rosalind Marsh: But we stuck mostly to simple pleasantries.
Menu Choice: What do you think of Samuel Manning
Rosalind Marsh: I usually don't like to spread gossip.
Rosalind Marsh: But in this case, I don't think it's a big secret.
Rosalind Marsh: I believe Samuel Manning is an alcoholic.
Rosalind Marsh: He was barely intelligible both at dinner yesterday and this morning.
Rosalind Marsh: Those were two pretty unpleasant meals for me.
Well, that's nothing I didn't already know.
Menu Choice: What do you think of Lady Claythorn
Rosalind Marsh: I only share a few words with the Lady of the house.
Rosalind Marsh: I tried to know more about the details of the Manor, the staff, that sort of things.
Rosalind Marsh: She was quite polite, but her responses were short and not very informative.
Rosalind Marsh: I hope I wasn't rude to her.
Menu Choice: I want to talk about something else.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for her
Suddenly, a staff member walks in.
Young woman: Excuse me for interrupting, but do you ladies need some lunch?
Rosalind Marsh: That would be lovely, thank you.
After a few minutes, she returns with some plates.
As we eat, we chat about trivial matters.
When our lunch is over, Rosalind rises from her seat.
She lets out a painful cough.
Rosalind Marsh: I'm feeling rather poorly.
Rosalind Marsh: I think I will retire to my room.
Rosalind Marsh: Would you mind being left on your own?
Amelia Baxter: Not at all, please don't concern yourself.
Amelia Baxter: There is more than enough here to occupy me.
With the manor so quiet, I might seize the chance to explore unnoticed.
And perhaps I should call upon Rosalind Marsh later, to see how she is doing.
What should I do know?
Map Choice: Go check on Rosalind Marsh
I knock on Rosalind Marsh's door.
Rosalind Marsh: Yes? Who is there?
Amelia Baxter: It is me again.
Amelia Baxter: I wanted to see how you were faring.
She slightly opens the door but stays inside.
Rosalind Marsh: Oh, Mrs Baxter, I am not feeling at all well.
Rosalind Marsh: Could it wait?
A harsh cough rakes her chest.
Rosalind Marsh: I am sorry.
Amelia Baxter: Are you quite all right?
Rosalind Marsh: Yes, it is nothing, really.
Rosalind Marsh: I am only a little under the weather.
She takes out her handkerchief and presses it to her mouth.
She tries to slip it quickly back into her pocket.
Yet I catch a glimpse of blood upon the linen.
She is worse than she would have me believe.
Rosalind Marsh: I should lie down now.
She is plainly uncomfortable.
But perhaps I could press her a little.
Menu Choice: Insist, something is clearly wrong here
Amelia Baxter: I am afraid it is important.
Amelia Baxter: Might you let me in? It will not take long.
Rosalind Marsh: Very well, do come in.
Rosalind Marsh: What can I do for you?
Amelia Baxter: Nothing, rather the reverse.
Amelia Baxter: I am sorry to intrude, but I noticed the blood on your handkerchief.
Amelia Baxter: I wondered whether there is anything I can do to help.
Rosalind Marsh: I suppose I could not have hidden it forever.
Rosalind Marsh: You see, I am suffering from a most serious disease.
Rosalind Marsh: One for which there is no known cure. Consumption.
Another racking cough takes her.
Amelia Baxter: I am so very sorry.
Amelia Baxter: When did you learn of it?
Rosalind Marsh: A couple of years ago.
Rosalind Marsh: And if I am to trust my doctor, I have perhaps a year at most.
Amelia Baxter: My goodness, how horrible.
Amelia Baxter: Is there anything at all I can do?
Rosalind Marsh: There is nothing to be done.
Rosalind Marsh: My doctor has prescribed a strong draught that I must take before bed.
Rosalind Marsh: It usually helps me to sleep.
Rosalind Marsh: At times I must take it during the day, which is why I am so often in my room, resting.
Rosalind Marsh: But you should go now. I shall try to sleep a little before dinner.
Rosalind Marsh: Thank you for your kindness.
Amelia Baxter: Of course. I shall go.
Rosalind Marsh: Thank you.
Map Choice: Richard III Bedroom
The doctor left Thomas Moody's room open.
I guess he didn't think anyone would come to take a look.
I know I shouldn't have, but I couldn't resist.
Maybe I didn't believe it.
But here he lies, dead in his bed.
I try to look at him, but the emotion is overwhelming.
I can't stay here any longer.
I rush out of the room.
Map Choice: Wait until the others come back
There's nothing else I want to do right now.
I should just lie down on my bed for a bit.
Suddenly, noises from the main entrance catch my attention.
I should investigate.