Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Amelia Baxter
I let everyone know that I am opting out of the hunt.
It turns out Rosalind Marsh is the only other one who made the same choice.
We agreed to meet shortly for luncheon in the tea room.
I should find her there a bit before noon.
Map Choice: Wait for Rosalind Marsh in the Tea Room
I don't really feel like exploring the Manor, so I decide to wait in the Tea Room.
I am the first to arrive, so I pick a table and wait for Rosalind Marsh.
I am seated comfortably, lost in my thoughts when she enters the room.
Amelia Baxter: Miss Marsh, would you like to join me?
Rosalind Marsh: Yes, thank you.
Amelia Baxter: It seems we haven't really had a chance to talk yet, right?
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for her
Suddenly, a staff member walks in.
Young woman: Excuse me for interrupting, but do you ladies need some lunch?
Rosalind Marsh: That would be lovely, thank you.
After a few minutes, she returns with some plates.
As we eat, we chat about trivial matters.
When our lunch is over, Rosalind rises from her seat.
She lets out a painful cough.
Rosalind Marsh: I'm feeling rather poorly.
Rosalind Marsh: I think I will retire to my room.
Rosalind Marsh: Would you mind being left on your own?
Amelia Baxter: Not at all, please don't concern yourself.
Amelia Baxter: There is more than enough here to occupy me.
With the manor so quiet, I might seize the chance to explore unnoticed.
And perhaps I should call upon Rosalind Marsh later, to see how she is doing.
What should I do know?
Map Choice: Portrait Gallery
There are quite a few impressive portraits here.
However, no one else is present.
Now, I realise that there are probably paintings of the Claythorn family here.
I can't find Lady Claythorn here, but after a while I spot Lord Claythorn.
He looks exactly as he does in real life.
I check the label below the painting.
"Nicholas III, of Claythorn Manor"
So, Nicholas is his first name.
Map Choice: Library
Here is an impressive library.
"A Genealogical and Heraldic Dictionary of the Landed Gentry of Great Britain." is open on a table.
I take a closer look at the book.
It's the 8th edition, printed in 1894. That was quite some time ago.
Perhaps I should look up information about the people living here.
I find multiple entries for families with the name Claythorn.
There's only one place associated with a Nicholas.
Book: Nicholas Claythorn, of Claythorn Manor, 3rd Earl of Kilbraith.
Book: Born on June 22, 1813.
Book: His parents were Nicholas Claythorn, 2nd Earl of Kilbraith, and Agnes Cicely.
Book: With Mary Kirwan, his wife, he fathered one son and one daughter:
Book: 1. Elisabeth, his heir, born in 1865.
Book: 2. Andrew, born in 1867, died in 1869.
Book: Lineage...
There's additional information about the history of this place.
But something seems off.
Born in 1813.
Wait, that would make him...
111 years old?
That can't be right.
If that were true, he'd likely be the oldest man in England.
Possibly even the world.
Yet he didn't appear to be that old.
I suppose this must be an mistake in the book.
If they tried to list all the gentry of this country, they were bound to make some errors.
Map Choice: Return to the Attic
I've decided to return to the attic.
I have some questions to ask the "Lord" of this place.
But am I sure I should?
Menu Choice: Of course, there is no logical reason to be afraid
I know I must confront him.
But what am I hoping to prove?
That's a dangerous path I fear I'm taking here.
He is not in the hallway, so I head to his room.
I don't bother knocking and enter right away.
It's even more decrepit than the rest of the attic.
Why would anyone decide to live here?
Amelia Baxter: Sir Nicholas, are you there?
Older Man: Oh good, you've returned.
Older Man: And you've learned my name as well.
Older Man: Impressive.
Amelia Baxter: That's not all I've learned, though.
Older Man: Really? What else?
Amelia Baxter: That you're supposed to be 111 years old.
Amelia Baxter: Is this true?
Older Man: 111 years...
Older Man: Has it been that long already?
Older Man: Well, I suppose that's true.
Amelia Baxter: No one can live this long.
Older Man: Probably not.
Amelia Baxter: So, are you...
Amelia Baxter: Are you...
Older Man: Am I what, my dear?
Older Man: Dead?
Older Man: That's what you think, right?
Older Man: Or rather, it's what you're hoping.
Amelia Baxter: What do you mean?
Older Man: Because either I am a ghost...
Older Man: Or you're just losing your mind.
He inches closer to me.
Older Man: So, which will it be?
Older Man: That a liar, someone who preyed on the bereaved to make money,
Older Man: is actually a real-life medium?
Older Man: That it was in her all along?
Older Man: I understand the appeal to believe that now.
Older Man: That would mean that you weren't really deceiving people your entire life.
Older Man: But that would be too easy, wouldn't it?
Older Man: I am afraid there is only one other alternative.
Older Man: You must see it too now.
Older Man: You understand what's happening here, don't you?
He is now almost next to my face.
I can't take this.
I rush outside his room.
But he is already there.
Standing in front of me.
Older Man: Where are you going?
Older Man: Do you think you can get rid of me that easily?
Amelia Baxter: What do you want from me?
Older Man: Me? I don't want anything.
Older Man: The question is: what do you want?
I slowly take a step back towards the stairs.
Older Man: Do you feel remorse maybe?
I take another step.
Older Man: Some regret over what you've done?
Amelia Baxter: Please, leave me alone.
I try to walk back further,
but my foot doesn't find the ground behind me.
You fell in the staircase.
You are not sure what happened there in the attic, but it got the best of you.