Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Amelia Baxter
I let everyone know that I am opting out of the hunt.
It turns out Rosalind Marsh is the only other one who made the same choice.
We agreed to meet shortly for luncheon in the tea room.
I should find her there a bit before noon.
Map Choice: Edward II Bedroom
I knock on the door, waiting for a response.
There's silence. No one replies.
Most people are out for the hunt, so I suppose I could try to enter the room anyway.
But it would not look good if I were caught.
What should I do?
Menu Choice: Let's go in. What's the worst that could happen?
I try to push the door open.
The door is locked.
Map Choice: Wait for Rosalind Marsh in the Tea Room
I don't really feel like exploring the Manor any further, so I decide to go wait in the Tea Room.
I am the first to arrive, so I pick a table and wait for Rosalind Marsh.
I am seated comfortably, lost in my thoughts when she enters the room.
Amelia Baxter: Miss Marsh, would you like to join me?
Rosalind Marsh: Yes, thank you.
Amelia Baxter: It seems we haven't really had a chance to talk yet, right?
Menu Choice: What do you think of this weather?
Rosalind Marsh: This night was dreadful, wasn't it?
Rosalind Marsh: I couldn't sleep at all.
Menu Choice: Tell me more about yourself.
Rosalind Marsh: Oh well, the most obvious thing about me is that I am a nurse.
Rosalind Marsh: I started young and served in various wars.
Rosalind Marsh: In peacetime, I usually took a job at a hospital.
Rosalind Marsh: Now I mostly nurse the elderly.
Amelia Baxter: In an old person's facility?
Rosalind Marsh: No, not like that. I mostly assist wealthier individuals who require special in-house assistance.
Amelia Baxter: Are you taking care of someone at the moment?
Rosalind Marsh: Not right now.
Rosalind Marsh: And perhaps after I receive this prize, I won't have to.
Rosalind Marsh: Nursing is an amazing job that I love,
Rosalind Marsh: but it can be exhausting.
Amelia Baxter: Yes, one can imagine.
Menu Choice: Why were you invited here?
Rosalind Marsh: It is nothing special, really.
Rosalind Marsh: But it turns out I am the nurse who served in the most wars in the whole country, apparently.
Amelia Baxter: Oh my, that is extraordinary.
Amelia Baxter: But how many wars did you serve in?
Rosalind Marsh: There have been quite a few, that's true.
Rosalind Marsh: I started my career really early during the Cretan Revolt, where I was stationed on a British frigate.
Rosalind Marsh: But I truly experienced the horror of war for the first time during the Boxer Rebellion of 1899.
Rosalind Marsh: The brutality of the combats, then later, the lives they left behind made an impression that would last my whole life.
Rosalind Marsh: Afterwards, I followed the army again in small engagements in India.
Rosalind Marsh: When the Great War started, I thought at first that I was too old to go.
Rosalind Marsh: But the atrocities I kept hearing about left me no choice.
Rosalind Marsh: I had to be there to help.
Rosalind Marsh: It's what I do.
Rosalind Marsh: So I joined again and lasted throughout the whole duration of the war.
Amelia Baxter: How commendable.
Menu Choice: What do you think of this place?
Rosalind Marsh: It's a grand house.
Rosalind Marsh: I've been in many houses of the same style, but none so big or impressive.
Suddenly, a staff member walks in.
Young woman: Excuse me for interrupting, but do you ladies need some lunch?
Rosalind Marsh: That would be lovely, thank you.
After a few minutes, she returns with some plates.
As we eat, we chat about trivial matters.
When our lunch is over, Rosalind rises from her seat.
She lets out a painful cough.
Rosalind Marsh: I'm feeling rather poorly.
Rosalind Marsh: I think I will retire to my room.
Rosalind Marsh: Would you mind being left on your own?
Amelia Baxter: Not at all, please don't concern yourself.
Amelia Baxter: There is more than enough here to occupy me.
With the manor so quiet, I might seize the chance to explore unnoticed.
And perhaps I should call upon Rosalind Marsh later, to see how she is doing.
What should I do know?
Map Choice: Wait until the others come back
There's nothing else I want to do right now.
I should just lie down on my bed for a bit.
Suddenly, noises from the main entrance catch my attention.
I should investigate.