Chapter: An Empty Manor
Character: Ted Harring
I am awaken by the sound of frantic knocking at the door.
My head is throbbing.
I wish I could've slept longer.
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring, are you there?
Miss Baxter?
Right, we agreed to wake each other up.
I just didn't expect it to be this early.
Ted Harring: I'm coming!
I quickly get dressed and open the door.
Amelia Baxter enters, looking visibly nervous.
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring, I believe my hunch was right yesterday.
Amelia Baxter: Something strange is afoot.
Ted Harring: What do you mean?
Amelia Baxter: I haven't seen any staff members on my way here.
Amelia Baxter: At this hour, they should be busy with lighting fires, cleaning and setting up breakfast.
Amelia Baxter: Yet, I neither saw nor heard anyone.
Amelia Baxter: It's as silent as a graveyard in here.
Ted Harring: Are you sure it's not just because it's so early?
Amelia Baxter: I'm certain.
Amelia Baxter: I was up at the same time yesterday, and the house was bustling with activity.
Amelia Baxter: Something's not right, I assure you.
Ted Harring: Okay, if you say so.
Ted Harring: But how is that related to a robbery?
Amelia Baxter: I'm not so sure anymore that this is about a robbery.
Amelia Baxter: I have a feeling it could be something much worse.
A chill goes through my body.
Worse than a robbery? What could she mean?
But I'm hesitant to ask her.
Instead, I try to appear confident.
Ted Harring: Alright, we'd better investigate then.
Map Choice: Garage
I take the stairs to the basement, expecting to be stopped at any moment.
But no one is there.
I can safely explore downstairs now.
The garage.
This is where Lady Claythorn's car should be.
But instead, there are only parts of other cars and an old model in a shabby state.
Ted Harring: Did you come here in this car?
Amelia Baxter: No, of course not.
Amelia Baxter: Lady Claythorn's chauffeur drove us here in a Rolls Royce.
Amelia Baxter: Not in this old thing.
Ted Harring: Me neither.
Ted Harring: But if everyone has left, we might need it to reach the next town.
Amelia Baxter: Right. But do you know how to drive it?
Amelia Baxter: Because I surely can't.
Ted Harring: Not really, no.
Ted Harring: I never learned how to drive.
It's not like I could afford a car anyway.
Map Choice: Billiard room
The billiard room is empty.
But the drinks remain untouched.
Perhaps I should have a drink to calm my nerves.
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring, you aren't considering drinking at this hour, are you?
Ted Harring: Uh, no, of course not.
That's probably wiser.
Let's explore further.
Map Choice: Kitchen
I reach the kitchen.
I guess it's a typical kitchen for a house of this size.
Pots and pans are scattered around.
Amelia Baxter: You see?
Amelia Baxter: No one is here.
Amelia Baxter: And yet, breakfast should be ready soon.
Ted Harring: Ok, I admit that is very strange indeed.
We look around a bit but don't find anything of interest.
Map Choice: Scullery
Ted Harring: Do you know what room this is?
Amelia Baxter: The scullery.
Wait, what the hell is a scullery?
Miss Baxter must have noticed my puzzled look, because she went on explaining.
Amelia Baxter: It's primarily where they wash dishes.
Amelia Baxter: If you look in the sink, there are a lot of dirty dishes.
Amelia Baxter: It seems nobody cleaned up after supper yesterday.
Right.
It's empty anyway, no need to linger here.
Map Choice: Entrance Hall
The entrance hall is usually the heart of the house.
But there's no activity today.
Just in case, I try to call out for someone.
Ted Harring: Is anyone here?
I didn't really expect an answer.
But an authoritative voice echoes from up the stairs.
Sushil Sinha: Who goes there?
Ted Harring: It's Ted Harring. I'm down here, and Amelia Baxter's with me.
Sushil Sinha: Understood. I'm on my way down.
Soon enough, Captain Sinha comes into view, descending the staircase to join us on the ground floor.
Sushil Sinha: At last, living, breathing souls.
Sushil Sinha: I was starting to feel like I was in a ghost house.
Amelia Baxter: We feel the same. You two are the first persons we've encountered today as well.
Ted Harring: Do you have any idea what's going on?
Sushil Sinha: Nothing concrete. All I know is, I don't like it.
Sushil Sinha: People don't just vanish from their homes without reason.
Amelia Baxter: They certainly don't.
Sushil Sinha: And then there's the matter of the suspicious deaths.
Sushil Sinha: I could've dismissed them as bad luck yesterday, but now... I'm not so certain.
The conversation lingers in the air, a heavy silence stretching between us.
Amelia Baxter: Staying put won't give us any answers.
Amelia Baxter: We need to continue exploring the house.
Sushil Sinha: Agreed. Should we search together?
Amelia Baxter: Thank you, but... maybe it's better to split up.
Amelia Baxter: We'd cover more ground that way.
Amelia seemed nervous when she answered.
Sushil Sinha: Makes sense. Let's proceed on our own and regroup later.
Sushil Sinha: How about the tea room?
Amelia Baxter: That sounds good.
Amelia Baxter: See you there.
Map Choice: Go wait for Sushil
I doubt we'll find anyone now.
So we settled in the tea room to wait for Captain Sinha.
Sushil Sinha: It's unbelievable, but it seems we're the only three living souls left here.
Sushil Sinha: Did you find anything?
Ted Harring: Nothing.
Ted Harring: It seems everyone is gone.
Ted Harring: Except for the bodies.
Ted Harring: By the way, did you check on Samuel Manning?
Ted Harring: You're the only one with the key to his room.
Sushil Sinha: No, not yet. I assumed he couldn't have gone far.
Sushil Sinha: But you're right, we should check on him.
Ted Harring: I think so too.
Ted Harring: We'll follow you.
Amelia shoots me a concerned look but remains silent.
She follows us nonetheless.
Sushil Sinha: Mr Manning, are you there?
No response.
Sushil Sinha: Alright, I'm going in.
He unlocks the door, and we trail behind him.
But as I step inside, Captain Sinha tries to halt us.
Sushil Sinha: Wait! Don't come in.
But it's already too late.
The sight inside is beyond horrifying.
Samuel Manning lies in his bed, drenched in blood, his throat slashed multiple times.
Pale as a sheet, his eyes frozen in a blank stare.
Miss Baxter almost screams.
Sushil Sinha: Miss Baxter, please don't stay here.
She's speechless, her gaze fixed on the horrifying scene.
Sushil Sinha gently pulls her arm, leading her out. I quickly follow.
Sushil Sinha: I regret letting you see that.
Sushil Sinha: You shouldn't have entered.
Amelia Baxter: Is... is he... dead?
Sushil Sinha: I'm afraid so.
Ted Harring: Are you certain?
Ted Harring: Shouldn't we check his pulse?
Ted Harring: Maybe... just maybe, there's a chance he's alive.
My voice trembles as I speak, realisation dawning on me.
Sushil Sinha: I'm sorry, but it's too late.
Sushil Sinha: I've seen enough dead people to know. He's been gone for a long time.
Sushil Sinha: Likely since last night.
Amelia Baxter: Oh my God.
The weight of shock renders me motionless.
To help us recover, Sushil guides us back to the tea room.
Sushil Sinha: Miss Baxter, you should probably rest here for a little bit.
Sushil Sinha: I have something to check out, and I'll be back soon.
Sushil Sinha: Mr Harring, would you mind coming with me?
I'm still shaken from what we saw, but doing something might help me recover my senses.
Ted Harring: Well, sure.
Ted Harring: I'll follow you.
Amelia Baxter: Please don't be long.
Sushil Sinha: Don't worry, this should only take a few minutes.
He walks back up the stairs and stands in front of another room.
Sushil Sinha: It's Miss Marsh's room.
Sushil Sinha: When I tried the handle earlier it was locked.
Sushil Sinha: At the time, I didn't dare to go further.
Sushil Sinha: But now, I fear we may have no choice.
Ted Harring: Do you believe she might still be inside?
Ted Harring: Then she would be...
Sushil Sinha: Dead, I am afraid.
Sushil Sinha: After what we witnessed, I think it a very strong possibility.
Ted Harring: Oh my God.
Sushil Sinha: There is no need to break the door.
Sushil Sinha: The butler entrusted me with a master key when we confined Mr Manning.
Sushil Sinha: It should open every room in the house.
He has a master key?
That mean he is able to visit every room of this place.
Captain Sinha then slips a small key from his pocket.
With a steady hand he turns the lock.
The mechanism clicks, and the door swings open into the silence beyond.
The room is eerily quiet.
But Rosalind Marsh is not there.
We look in every corner, but we can't find anything of interest.
Ted Harring: What a relief.
Sushil Sinha: Yes, of course. But there's no need to linger here.
Sushil Sinha: Let's return to the tea room, we need to talk with Miss Baxter to decide our next steps.
Amelia Baxter: You've been gone for a while. What happened?
Sushil Sinha: I'm afraid we haven't been able to find Miss Marsh.
Sushil Sinha: We searched her room but it was empty.
Amelia Baxter: Well, what should we do now?
Sushil Sinha: You both seem a bit shaken up.
Sushil Sinha: That's not surprising, given what you've witnessed.
Sushil Sinha: It's easier for me.
Sushil Sinha: Sadly, I've seen my share of dead people.
Sushil Sinha: So I suggest you two rest for a bit while I continue to explore the manor.
Sushil Sinha: I'll be back soon.
I feel like I should accompany him.
But he is right, I am exhausted and overwhelmed.
So I just agree with a nod and sit down.