Chapter: Final Decisions
Character: Amelia Baxter
We waited in the tea room without exchanging any words for a short time.
Finally, Captain Sinha comes back.
Sushil Sinha: I believe I've looked absolutely everywhere now.
Sushil Sinha: There is no trace of anyone.
Sushil Sinha: I also tried to use the telephone, and it's not working.
Sushil Sinha: Thus, there is no way for us to call for help.
Sushil Sinha: The way I see it now, we don't have many options left.
Sushil Sinha: I believe we must leave this place.
Sushil Sinha: The longer we stay, the more at risk we are.
Amelia Baxter: But... shouldn't we wait for the police?
Amelia Baxter: They were expected today. They could arrive any moment.
Sushil Sinha: I wouldn't count on it.
Sushil Sinha: From what I gather, there's no evidence that the police were called yesterday.
Amelia Baxter: But Miss Claythorn said...
Amelia Baxter: She said...
Amelia Baxter: I see, you believe she never called.
Amelia Baxter: That the police have no idea about what's happened here.
Amelia Baxter: That she lied to us.
Sushil Sinha: That's the most logical explanation.
Sushil Sinha: No one was around when the telephone calls were supposedly made.
Sushil Sinha: So, there's no way to verify if they actually happened.
Ted Harring: But why?
Ted Harring: Why would anyone do this?
Ted Harring: I don't understand what's happening.
Sushil Sinha: Neither do I.
Sushil Sinha: I've thought about it, and I have no clue why we were all invited here.
Sushil Sinha: I'm certain it wasn't to give us any money.
Sushil Sinha: In any case, all I know is we need to leave as soon as possible.
Leave? I can't leave.
Yet something doesn't feel right.
I have a terrible premonition about this place.
I can see it... burning.
Gosh, it's like I can smell it too.
What's happening to me? Am I losing my mind?
I know it makes no sense to go out right now, but everything in my body compels me to leave this place as fast as possible.
Menu Choice: Let's not take any chance and leave this place{{intuition}}
Amelia Baxter: You're right.
Amelia Baxter: I can't stay one more minute in this cursed place.
Sushil Sinha: Are you sure?
Sushil Sinha: It won't be an easy walk.
Amelia Baxter: I am certain.
Sushil Sinha: Very well, let's get ready before we leave then.
Sushil Sinha: I suggest we all put on our most comfortable shoes, warm clothing and leave everything else here.
Sushil Sinha: No need to be encumbered by our luggage. Hopefully, we will come back soon enough to retrieve it.
Sushil Sinha: Let's get ready and meet in the main hall in 15 minutes.
Sushil Sinha: Do you agree?
Amelia Baxter: Of course.
Ted Harring: Sounds good to me.
I rush to my room, grab what I need, and hurry down to the hall as fast as possible.
The others are already there.
Captain Sinha has a large coat and sturdy boots with him.
Ted Harring, on the other hand, doesn't seem to have changed his clothes at all.
Sushil Sinha: All right, if everyone is ready, let's set out.
We then proceed to exit the house, leaving its impressive shadow behind us.
We've been walking for a couple of miles already.
I am struggling to keep up but, besides that, everything is going smoothly.
Maybe too smoothly.
I stop to take a brief break.
As I catch my breath, I look at the forest surrounding us.
Then...
Amelia Baxter: Captain, could you come and see something?
Sushil Sinha: Of course, what is it?
He retraces his steps to my level, while Ted Harring continues walking ahead.
Amelia Baxter: Can you look over there, behind that huge oak tree?
Amelia Baxter: I thought I saw something.
Amelia Baxter: I might be imagining things, but it looked like a person.
Sushil Sinha: I can spot the tree but see no one.
Amelia Baxter: I don't see it anymore, but it was definitely there a second ago.
Amelia Baxter: I'm sure of it.
Sushil Sinha: Alright, I'll go and check quickly.
Without hesitation, he rushes towards the large tree ahead.
A gunshot stops him in his tracks.
For a brief moment he manages to keep standing up.
He turns back towards me.
There is blood on his hands.
His face usually emotion less now shows panic, and pain.
He tries to take a step in my direction, but collapses on the ground.
When I realise what is happening, I quickly decide I can't stay here for long.
So I leave the Captain behind and start to run as fast as I can.
I try to catch up with Ted Harring, but he is already so far away that I can't even see him.
He didn't even pretend to wait for us.
I go as fast as I can but I don't see Ted Harring until I reach the town.
I head straight to the police station and there he is.
When I enter, he looks embarrassed to see me.
Probably feeling the weight of the guilt of leaving me to an uncertain fate.
But I am glad he made it anyway.
I hug him and tell him about Captain Sinha.
He replies that officers are on their way to Claythorn Manor.
We wait for them for a long time.
They come back only to confirm what we already knew.
Sushil Sinha has succumbed to his injuries.
There is no one alive at the manor.
In addition to Samuel Manning, Thomas Moody, and Daniel Baldwin, they've also found Rosalind Marsh's body.
She has been stabbed to death and is lying somewhere in the attic.
However, they have found no trace of Lady Claythorn and her staff.
You've made it!
And you've managed to save one person with you.
That's not bad, and you could stop there.
Not everybody needs a happy ending.
And this one is as good as any.
So it's up to you to just stop,
Or to keep playing.