Chapter: Final Decisions
Character: Amelia Baxter
We waited in the tea room without exchanging any words for a short time.
Finally, Captain Sinha comes back.
Sushil Sinha: I believe I've looked absolutely everywhere now.
Sushil Sinha: There is no trace of anyone.
Sushil Sinha: I also tried to use the telephone, and it's not working.
Sushil Sinha: Thus, there is no way for us to call for help.
Sushil Sinha: The way I see it now, we don't have many options left.
Sushil Sinha: I believe we must leave this place.
Sushil Sinha: The longer we stay, the more at risk we are.
Amelia Baxter: But... shouldn't we wait for the police?
Amelia Baxter: They were expected today. They could arrive any moment.
Sushil Sinha: I wouldn't count on it.
Sushil Sinha: From what I gather, there's no evidence that the police were called yesterday.
Amelia Baxter: But Miss Claythorn said...
Amelia Baxter: She said...
Amelia Baxter: I see, you believe she never called.
Amelia Baxter: That the police have no idea about what's happened here.
Amelia Baxter: That she lied to us.
Sushil Sinha: That's the most logical explanation.
Sushil Sinha: No one was around when the telephone calls were supposedly made.
Sushil Sinha: So, there's no way to verify if they actually happened.
Ted Harring: But why?
Ted Harring: Why would anyone do this?
Ted Harring: I don't understand what's happening.
Sushil Sinha: Neither do I.
Sushil Sinha: I've thought about it, and I have no clue why we were all invited here.
Sushil Sinha: I'm certain it wasn't to give us any money.
Sushil Sinha: In any case, all I know is we need to leave as soon as possible.
Amelia Baxter: But how could we leave?
Amelia Baxter: The nearest town is miles away.
Amelia Baxter: I can't walk that far.
Amelia Baxter: And even if I could, I'm not prepared for such a journey.
Sushil Sinha: You might be right.
Sushil Sinha: It would be a long walk, and the weather might turn at any moment.
Sushil Sinha: We could get caught in another storm.
Sushil Sinha: It's probably unsafe for you to join us.
Amelia Baxter: But you're not going to leave me here alone, are you?
Amelia Baxter: What would become of me?
Sushil Sinha: We could lock you in a room.
Sushil Sinha: Though, that's far from ideal.
Sushil Sinha: Perhaps one of us should stay with you.
Amelia Baxter: Yes!
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring can stay with me, right?
Amelia Baxter: The two of us should be safe until you return with help.
Sushil Sinha: That seems to be the wisest choice.
Sushil Sinha: What do you think, Mr Harring?
Ted Harring: Of course, I'll stay.
Ted Harring: Only a monster would leave you alone here in this condition.
Amelia Baxter: Thank you Mr Harring!
Amelia Baxter: That means the world to me.
Sushil Sinha: Very well.
Sushil Sinha: I will go right now then. I don't want to lose time.
Sushil Sinha: Hopefully, I'll be back with help before nightfall.
Amelia Baxter: Thank you captain.
Amelia Baxter: I hope you'll be safe.
Ted Harring: Yes, thank you.
And then he is on his way.
Amelia Baxter: Well, there's no point in waiting around doing nothing.
Amelia Baxter: We haven't eaten since yesterday.
Amelia Baxter: I could check the kitchen to see if there's anything I can prepare.
Ted Harring: Okay, I'll come with you.
On our way to the basement, I hear a familiar voice.
Rosalind Marsh: Hello!
Rosalind Marsh: Is there someone here?
Amelia Baxter: Oh my God, Miss Marsh, you're here!
Rosalind Marsh: Of course I am here. Why do you look so surprised?
Rosalind Marsh: I'm afraid I overslept. I don't feel quite like myself today.
Rosalind Marsh: When I woke up, I went to check the dining room but found it empty.
Rosalind Marsh: I wandered in the house for a while but I didn't see anyone until I met you.
Rosalind Marsh: Where is everybody?
Amelia Baxter: Oh my dear, we don't know.
We explained the situation to her as best we could.
She doesn't appear very alarmed by it.
I am finding that peculiar.
Rosalind Marsh: Poor Mr Manning, what a terrible fate.
Rosalind Marsh: And what horror that must have been for you, my dear.
Rosalind Marsh: Are you all right?
Amelia Baxter: I am better now.
Amelia Baxter: Captain Sinha should be back with help soon, so I'll be fine if I can keep my mind occupied until then.
Amelia Baxter: Speaking of which, we were heading to the kitchen to see if we can prepare some sort of meal.
Rosalind Marsh: Right, it's a good idea. We might as well keep ourselves busy.
So we go downstairs.
We look around for something to eat.
Amelia Baxter: There isn't much.
Amelia Baxter: But I think we can manage a light luncheon if you're not picky.
Rosalind Marsh: I'll help you.
Mr Harring is nice enough to offer his help.
But I don't think he has much experience in this department.
So we decide it's best if he doesn't get involved.
When the food is ready, we go to the dining room to eat.
Ted Harring sets the table and then tries to leave.
Amelia Baxter: Where are you going, Mr Harring?
Amelia Baxter: It's better if we stick together at all times.
Ted Harring: I understand, but there's something I need to do alone.
Ted Harring: We haven't had a moment apart the entire day and...
Amelia Baxter: Say no more, I understand.
Amelia Baxter: I'm in the same situation.
Amelia Baxter: What about you, Miss Marsh?
Rosalind Marsh: Oh, I'm fine, thank you.
Rosalind Marsh: You both go, I'll finish preparing the table.
Amelia Baxter: Very well.
Amelia Baxter: Let's meet back here in a few minutes then.
Ted Harring: Of course.
We both go on to our room, leaving Rosalind Marsh alone in the dining room.
I did not waste time going to my room and back, but Rosalind Marsh and Ted Harring are already seated when I come back.
Ted Harring must have been very fast, I suppose he was scared to stay alone for too long.
We start eating in silence, each deep in our own thoughts.
I don't eat much, nor does Mrs Marsh.
But Ted Harring finishes his plate,
then as soon as he is done, stands up.
He looks anxious to do something.
But as he stands, he suddenly looks dizzy.
Ted Harring: What's happening?
Ted Harring: Why am I...
He is unable to say another word before he collapses to the floor.
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring?!
Rosalind Marsh rushes to his side.
Her nurse's training kicks in.
Rosalind Marsh: Mr Harring, can you hear me?
Amelia Baxter: What's happened?
Amelia Baxter: How is he?
Rosalind Marsh: He's not well, I don't understand.
She checks his heartbeat.
Rosalind Marsh: He has no pulse.
Rosalind Marsh: He's dead.
Amelia Baxter: What?! No, that can't be.
Amelia Baxter: How is this possible?
Rosalind Marsh: I'm not sure, but I doubt it's a coincidence at this point.
Rosalind Marsh: I believe he's been poisoned.
Amelia Baxter: No, no, no ...
Amelia Baxter: Mr Harring, why?
My hands shake.
Tears run down my cheeks.
Rosalind Marsh keeps talking, but I can barely understand what she's saying.
Rosalind Marsh: All I know is that he wasn't the target.
Rosalind Marsh: I switched my plate with his before we started eating.
Rosalind Marsh: I was the one supposed to die, not him.
Amelia Baxter: You switched plates? Why?
Rosalind Marsh: Why?!
Rosalind Marsh: After all that's happened, weren't you suspecting anything?
I try to form a coherent response, but words elude me.
Amelia Baxter: ...
Rosalind Marsh: When I woke to find this place empty, I knew something was wrong.
Rosalind Marsh: I heard the three of you rummaging around the house and I hid.
Rosalind Marsh: I didn't trust Sushil Sinha, but I should have been more suspicious of Ted Harring.
Rosalind Marsh: After all, he was the least respectable of everyone here.
Rosalind Marsh: Clearly out of place in this environment.
Rosalind Marsh: He...
She pauses.
Rosalind Marsh: I don't know what his motives were, but...
Rosalind Marsh: ...it doesn't matter now.
She clearly struggles to speak.
Rosalind Marsh: Wait, something feels off.
She grasps the chair next to her for support.
Rosalind Marsh: I think I'm going to faint.
Rosalind Marsh: What have you done?
I barely register her words.
It feels like I'm about to collapse myself.
Amelia Baxter: Me? What about me?
I turn towards her and see that she is pointing a gun at me.
Rosalind Marsh: Don't move.
Menu Choice: Try to talk her
Amelia Baxter: Don't do this. There's been a terrible misunderstanding.
The nurse's grip on the gun wavers, her eyes swimming with doubt and fear.
Rosalind Marsh: I... I don't know what to believe anymore.
Rosalind Marsh: None of this makes sense.
Rosalind Marsh: But I can't trust you.
Amelia Baxter: Yes, you can. No one else needs to get hurt.
Amelia Baxter: We can find a peaceful solution to this.
As I am talking, I also move slowly towards her.
Rosalind Marsh: Wait!
Rosalind Marsh: Don't come so close, don't...
A loud bang resonates in the room.
I look into Rosalind Marsh's eyes and see she's terrified.
Rosalind Marsh: No!
Rosalind Marsh: Look what you made me do!
Amelia Baxter: I... just wanted... to...
I look down at my stomach.
It's all covered in blood.
You were shot.
That is on you for trusting strangers.
In tough situations, sometimes the best course of action is to fight.
Keep that in mind for the future.