Chapter: A Shocking Morning
Character: Ted Harring
I slept through the night.
The storm from yesterday has passed and the weather is clearer now.
After getting ready, I leave my room to have breakfast.
Most of the guests are already seated in the dining room.
There is a breakfast buffet set out.
I help myself to eggs, bacon, bread and a few other things, not really following any particular order.
I have no idea if this is what I'm supposed to do.
I quietly take the same seat I occupied yesterday, hoping to go unnoticed.
Daniel Baldwin and Amelia Baxter are already present.
Amelia Baxter: Hello, Mr Harring. How are you?
Ted Harring: Very well, thank you.
Amelia Baxter: I was wondering if everyone would join us on time.
Amelia Baxter: There are still a few people missing.
Amelia Baxter: For instance, I don't think we'll see Mr Manning anytime soon.
Amelia Baxter: He was so drunk yesterday that I wouldn't be surprised if he doesn't show up before noon.
Suddenly, Samuel Manning enters the room.
He stumbles to the buffet table and takes up a plate, visibly shaking.
Amelia Baxter: Well, I spoke too soon. Here he is, and in such a state.
Amelia Baxter: How dreadful.
At the same moment, the butler rushes into the room.
He goes to Lady Claythorn and murmurs something in her ear.
I can tell it's not good news.
She looks shocked and worried.
She rises and walks in my direction, then stops before the doctor.
Lady Claythorn: Doctor Baldwin, I'm sorry to interrupt your breakfast, but would you mind coming with me?
Lady Claythorn: We need your assistance.
Without hesitation, Daniel Baldwin stands up.
Daniel Baldwin: Of course, I'll follow you.
Everything is happening fast. What should I do?
Menu Choice: Stay there and finish the most important meal of the day
Amelia Baxter: I wonder what this is about.
Ted Harring: Me too. I have a bad feeling about it.
Amelia Baxter: Well, there's no reason to worry now.
Amelia Baxter: We'll just have to wait and see.
Ted Harring: You're right.
Ted Harring: We should probably talk about something else.
Menu Choice: What do you think of the other guests?
Amelia Baxter: I haven't had time to form an opinion of everyone yet.
Amelia Baxter: I have only had time to speak with Captain Sinha, and with that poor drunkard Samuel Manning.
Amelia Baxter: And I could also exchange a few words with our hostess, Lady Claythorn.
Menu Choice: What do you think of Samuel Manning?
Amelia Baxter: Well, I believe you can tell as well as I that he is a dangerous drunk.
Amelia Baxter: We better stay away from him.
Menu Choice: What do you think of Sushil Sinha?
Amelia Baxter: He appears to me the very image of a military man.
Amelia Baxter: Except for, you know, his origin.
Amelia Baxter: I did not think they would accept indigenous people in the British Army.
Amelia Baxter: But aside from that, he is exactly like other officers I have met.
Amelia Baxter: Bold, sure of himself, and never shy of speaking about himself.
Amelia Baxter: I bet he will keep on telling stories about his "Glorious Days" during one war or another.
Amelia Baxter: I find it in poor taste, so I shall try to avoid him in the coming days.
Amelia Baxter: I suggest you do the same, unless you want to be bored to death.
Menu Choice: What do you think of Lady Claythorn?
Amelia Baxter: I only exchanged a few pleasantries with the lady of the house.
Amelia Baxter: She seems delightful to me.
Amelia Baxter: What pleased me even more was that she addressed me as an equal.
Amelia Baxter: That's very different from most noble people I've met.
They usually look down on people like you...
... and me.
She paused a little too long before adding "and me".
I don't like that.
Suddenly, Lady Claythorn and the butler are back in the room.
Sushil Sinha: Lady Claythorn, what is happening?
The lady is visibly distressed.
Lady Claythorn: I'm sorry to announce such horrible news, everyone.
Lady Claythorn: It appears that Mr Moody passed away in his sleep last night.
The room instantly falls silent.
Sushil Sinha: Do we know what happened?
Lady Claythorn: Doctor Baldwin is examining him right now.
Lady Claythorn: He will likely tell us more later.
She then sits down in her chair.
Everyone looks shaken up.
Sushil Sinha: How terrible.
Amelia Baxter: Yes, such sad news.
We continue eating slowly in silence for a moment when the doctor enters the room.
Lady Claythorn: Doctor Baldwin, can you tell us more about what happened?
Daniel Baldwin: I can't say anything definitive for now.
Daniel Baldwin: But it's very likely a natural death, possibly triggered by an old wound from the war.
Daniel Baldwin: In any case, we need to call the authorities.
Lady Claythorn: Yes, of course.
Lady Claythorn: My butler will take care of it.
Daniel Baldwin: Very well.
We continue eating in a heavy silence.
Nobody speaks much.
When everyone is done eating, Lady Claythorn speaks up.
Lady Claythorn: Well, as I mentioned earlier, activities were planned for today.
Lady Claythorn: This morning, those who wished to were supposed to go on a hunt.
Lady Claythorn: A sad event has happened, but it's not a reason to remain idle.
Lady Claythorn: So, if no one objects, I propose that we continue according to what was planned.
A faint murmur of assent passes through the room.
Lady Claythorn: Excellent.
Lady Claythorn: Everything is ready for those who wish to join the hunt.
Lady Claythorn: I know most of you are probably not accustomed to this type of event.
Lady Claythorn: That's why our staff can lend you everything you'll need—clothes, guns—and they will also assist you throughout the event.
Lady Claythorn: Of course, you can choose to simply stay here.
Lady Claythorn: You can relax and enjoy the warmth of the house until the others return.
A hunt... A proper aristocratic hunt.
Now that's something to witness.
It's not as if I'll get this opportunity often.
And I might not be the only one feeling out of place, especially if Lady Claythorn is correct.
So there's no need for embarrassment.
However, I have never so much as held a gun in my life.
Those older men might not be of the gentry, but they likely learned to shoot during the war.
What should I do?
Menu Choice: Stay here where it's cosy