Chapter: A Shocking Morning
Character: Lady Claythorn
I wake and start getting ready for breakfast.
I realise I have the easy role in all of this.
The rest of the staff must have been at work for a good part of the night.
And yet they were probably up long before I was.
I hope they will still be all right today.
I reach the dining room, hoping to be the first one there.
To my surprise, Captain Sinha is already seated, enjoying a light breakfast.
Sushil Sinha: Good morning.
Sushil Sinha: I am sorry, I have already begun.
Sushil Sinha: It is a soldier's habit, I am afraid.
Lady Claythorn: Do not worry, Captain.
Lady Claythorn: I will fix myself a plate and join you shortly.
I take my place at the table, and the guests arrive one by one.
The last one to arrive is Samuel Manning.
That is no surprise.
He looks as though he drank himself to sleep last night.
But I do not see Thomas Moody here.
That I did not expect.
The butler enters the room and comes directly towards me.
I did not even notice him come in.
He whispers in my ear.
Butler: I think there is something wrong with Thomas Moody.
Lady Claythorn: What do you mean?
Butler: He is still in his bed at this hour.
Butler: That cannot be normal.
Lady Claythorn: Really?
Lady Claythorn: What is wrong with him?
Butler: I am not sure.
Butler: We should ask Doctor Baldwin to come and look at him, just in case.
Lady Claythorn: All right.
Lady Claythorn: Doctor Baldwin, I'm sorry to interrupt your breakfast, but would you mind coming with me?
Lady Claythorn: We need your assistance.
Without hesitation, Daniel Baldwin stands up.
Daniel Baldwin: Of course, I'll follow you.
We climb the stairs quickly, the butler a step ahead of me.
Ted Harring follows without being asked.
Butler: Here we are. Thomas Moody's room.
We all step into the room.
Butler: He's here in his bed. He didn't respond when I tried to wake him up.
He lies on his back with the mask still on, and the bedclothes hardly disturbed.
The doctor takes him by the wrist.
Daniel Baldwin: No pulse.
Daniel Baldwin: He's dead.
Lady Claythorn: Dead?!!!
Lady Claythorn: How is that possible?
Daniel Baldwin: I'm not sure yet. I'll need to examine him further.
Daniel Baldwin: Best if you stepped out for this.
Daniel Baldwin: I'll return downstairs once I know more.
Butler: Please, My Lady—this way.
Lady Claythorn: Oh... Yes, of course...
He closes the door behind us.
Butler: I am sorry you had to see that.
Lady Claythorn: What is happening?
Lady Claythorn: I do not understand.
Lady Claythorn: Is this part of the plan?
Butler: No, of course not.
Butler: I assure you it is an accident.
Butler: As I am sure Doctor Baldwin will soon confirm.
Lady Claythorn: An accident, yes.
Lady Claythorn: But what should we do?
Lady Claythorn: Surely we cannot carry on.
Lady Claythorn: We must cancel everything now.
Butler: No!
Butler: There is no need for such a rash decision.
Butler: We will probably lose our wages if we do that.
Lady Claythorn: I do not care about the money!
Lady Claythorn: This whole enterprise was already shady enough without adding a death to it.
Lady Claythorn: I do not want to be part of it any more.
Butler: Please wait a little.
Butler: You may not need the money, but I do.
Butler: And so does the rest of the staff.
Butler: Do not be so selfish as to stop everything now.
I try to regain my composure and think clearly for a second.
Butler: Please, all I ask is that we keep to what was planned for today.
Butler: We can decide later what needs to be done, once we have a little more information.
Lady Claythorn: Yes, yes.
Lady Claythorn: But my speech...
Lady Claythorn: It will not do any more.
Lady Claythorn: I do not...
Butler: It will still work.
Butler: Just improvise a little.
Butler: Please, let us keep going just for a little while longer.
Lady Claythorn: Very well.
Lady Claythorn: I suppose I can manage that.
I return to the dining room, and as soon as I enter, all eyes are on me.
Sushil Sinha: Lady Claythorn, what is happening?
Lady Claythorn: I'm sorry to announce such horrible news, everyone.
Lady Claythorn: It appears that Mr Moody passed away in his sleep last night.
Sushil Sinha: Do we know what happened?
Lady Claythorn: Doctor Baldwin is examining him right now.
Lady Claythorn: He will likely tell us more later.
Sushil Sinha: How terrible.
Amelia Baxter: Yes, such sad news.
Lady Claythorn: Doctor Baldwin, can you tell us more about what happened?
Daniel Baldwin: I can't say anything definitive for now.
Daniel Baldwin: But it's very likely a natural death, possibly triggered by an old wound from the war.
Daniel Baldwin: In any case, we need to call the authorities.
Lady Claythorn: Yes, of course.
Lady Claythorn: My butler will take care of it.
I look to him, and he gives me a slight nod.
Then he heads to the entrance hall to make the call.
Daniel Baldwin: Very well.
After that, the others resume eating in silence.
What now?
Lady Claythorn: Well, as I mentioned earlier, activities were planned for today.
Lady Claythorn: This morning, those who wished to were supposed to go on a hunt.
Lady Claythorn: A sad event has happened, but it's not a reason to remain idle.
Lady Claythorn: So, if no one objects, I propose that we continue according to what was planned.
I hold my breath for a second, expecting someone to say something.
But nobody does.
Lady Claythorn: Excellent.
Lady Claythorn: Everything is ready for those who wish to join the hunt.
Lady Claythorn: I know most of you are probably not accustomed to this type of event.
Lady Claythorn: That's why our staff can lend you everything you'll need—clothes, guns—and they will also assist you throughout the event.
Lady Claythorn: Of course, you can choose to simply stay here.
Lady Claythorn: You can relax and enjoy the warmth of the house until the others return.
As expected, Miss Marsh and Miss Baxter excuse themselves.
The men all agree to come.
Well, I should get ready too.
I am back in my room, and I try to make sense of what is happening.
But I do not have much time, so I dress without thinking about it.
Soon, I am ready to join the others for the hunt.