Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Daniel Baldwin
As I had no reason to remain behind, I changed for the hunt.
Fortunately, I had thought to bring more suitable outdoor clothes for the weekend.
It was not difficult to imagine that a hunt would be on the agenda.
Lady Claythorn may pretend it is arranged for our benefit, yet I suspect she will enjoy it most of all.
She might even have planned the entire weekend simply for the pleasure of today's event.
After all, I doubt she can readily find hunting partners in so isolated a place.
In any case, the butler has provided me with a hunting rifle.
It has been some time since I last handled one, yet I dare say I will remember how to use it.
I step outside to join the others.
To my surprise, Samuel Manning is there as well.
I must watch him carefully.
However drunk he appeared this morning, it does not mean he is any less dangerous.
I notice the butler walking just behind Lady Claythorn.
The footman is there as well.
He is attending to Ted Harring, who looks somewhat out of place.
The butler clears his throat and addresses us.
Butler: Good, now that everyone is ready, I propose we split into two groups.
Butler: It will be easier to spot game that way.
I have barely a moment to gather my thoughts before Samuel Manning is upon me.
Samuel Manning: Doctor, I would be honoured to partner with you.
Samuel Manning: You don't mind, do you?
He is too eager to join me.
It may mean he is ready to make good on his threat.
I am anxious, yet also curious.
I cannot back out now.
Daniel Baldwin: No, of course. We may go together.
Samuel Manning: Splendid!
Samuel Manning: We shall have a jolly time.
Ted Harring: You don't mind if I tag along as well, do you?
Daniel Baldwin: Of course not.
Daniel Baldwin: Do come with us, Mr Harring.
Butler: Excellent.
Butler: The parties are settled.
Butler: Let us have a pleasant afternoon.
Our little group made its way into the forest.
We walked for a while yet encountered nothing.
So we stopped for luncheon.
The footman is exceedingly professional and remains silent whilst preparing our food.
If Samuel Manning seemed somewhat sobered at first, he now appears intent on making up for lost drinking.
He has a flask which I assume is whisky, and he has been drinking from it non-stop since the start of the hunt.
If I trust the content of the letter, he looks like he is summoning the courage to do something terrible.
I feel like I should talk to him before he is too drunk.
On the other hand, it could be prudent to wait for a better time.
If I am on my guard, I could probably avoid him until the hunt is over.
Menu Choice: Confront the drunk man with a gun {{object}}
I summon the courage to go and speak to Samuel Manning.
Ted Harring does not follow me, he probably wants nothing to do with him.
Daniel Baldwin: Mr Manning?
He looks bewildered that I am addressing him.
Samuel Manning: Hum... yes?
Daniel Baldwin: I was wondering if we could talk alone for a moment.
Daniel Baldwin: I have rather a sensitive subject to broach with you.
Samuel Manning: Well, hum... yes, I suppose we could, of course.
Daniel Baldwin: Very well, if you would come this way.
Samuel Manning: Fine.
I move a few paces from our luncheon place, far enough to be out of earshot.
But close enough that, if something happens, they can join us quickly.
Daniel Baldwin: Here is perfect, Mr Manning.
Samuel Manning: All right, what is it, doctor?
I see no reason to beat about the bush.
Daniel Baldwin: It is about the letter I found in your room, the one where you wrote that "I must pay".
This confession seems to take him by surprise.
But he quickly regains his composure, and speaks in a more assertive tone.
Any trace of intoxication is gone from his face.
He was likely faking it.
I should have guessed.
Samuel Manning: What were you doing in my room?
Samuel Manning: Who gave you permission?
Samuel Manning: But I should not be surprised, doctors do as they please.
Samuel Manning: They always do.
Daniel Baldwin: That is not the point, you wrote that you wanted to hurt me, and I am not even certain I know why.
My words strike him strongly, and he answers in anger.
Samuel Manning: You do not know why?!!!
Samuel Manning: I thought it was clear enough!
Samuel Manning: You killed her.
Samuel Manning: My poor Margaret.
Samuel Manning: My God, you stood by her bedside and watched her slip away.
Samuel Manning: And now you come here as though nothing happened, you probably do not even remember, do you?
Samuel Manning: Is it because you killed so many of them?
I am dumbstruck, I cannot find the right words to say.
Samuel Manning raises his gun and points it at me.
Daniel Baldwin: Lower the weapon, Mr Manning.
Daniel Baldwin: It's a misunderstanding, someone is manipulating you.
Daniel Baldwin: They want you to do this.
Samuel Manning: Well, that is all right, because I want to do it too.
He is about to shoot, so I jump towards him.
He misses me and I am on him.
We struggle.
I grab his rifle and try to wrestle it out of his arms.
For a moment everything is silent, until I feel the weight of Samuel Manning against me.
I push him and he collapses at my feet.
The rifle lies beside him.
I kneel at once, though a single glance tells me the truth.
He has shot himself in the chest during the fight.
Daniel Baldwin: Dear God.
Daniel Baldwin: What have I done.