Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Daniel Baldwin
As I had no reason to remain behind, I changed for the hunt.
Fortunately, I had thought to bring more suitable outdoor clothes for the weekend.
It was not difficult to imagine that a hunt would be on the agenda.
Lady Claythorn may pretend it is arranged for our benefit, yet I suspect she will enjoy it most of all.
She might even have planned the entire weekend simply for the pleasure of today's event.
After all, I doubt she can readily find hunting partners in so isolated a place.
In any case, the butler has provided me with a hunting rifle.
It has been some time since I last handled one, yet I dare say I will remember how to use it.
I step outside to join the others.
To my surprise, Samuel Manning is there as well.
I can only hope he has sobered up.
I notice the butler walking just behind Lady Claythorn.
Andrew is there too.
He is attending to Ted Harring, who looks somewhat out of place.
The butler clears his throat and addresses us.
Butler: Good, now that everyone is ready, I propose we split into two groups.
Butler: It will be easier to spot game that way.
I have barely a moment to gather my thoughts before Samuel Manning is upon me.
Samuel Manning: Doctor, I would be honoured to partner with you.
Samuel Manning: You don't mind, do you?
I cannot find the words to politely refuse him.
Daniel Baldwin: Well... no, of course not.
Samuel Manning: Splendid!
Samuel Manning: We shall have a jolly time.
Ted Harring: You don't mind if I tag along as well, do you?
Andrew stands at his side and gives me a meaningful look.
Daniel Baldwin: Of course not.
Daniel Baldwin: Do come with us, Mr Harring.
Butler: Excellent.
Butler: The parties are settled.
Butler: Let us have a pleasant afternoon.
Our little group made its way into the forest.
We walked for a while yet encountered nothing.
So we stopped for luncheon.
I should like to speak further with Andrew, but he is exceedingly cautious and professional.
He does not respond to any of my meaningful looks.
I understand only too well that there is no sense in risking discovery here.
With luck, I shall see more of him later.
If Samuel Manning seemed somewhat sobered at first, he now appears intent on making up for lost drinking.
He has a flask which I assume is whisky, and he has been drinking from it non-stop since the start of the hunt.
I am concerned he is in no condition to handle a gun.
He mutters to himself and I have no wish to engage him.
Only Ted Harring is willing to make conversation, so I address him.
Daniel Baldwin: How are you getting on Mr Harring?
Ted Harring: Very well Doctor.
Menu Choice: Tell me more about yourself.
Ted Harring: There isn't much to say about me.
Ted Harring: I was born and raised in Birmingham.
Ted Harring: I work there as a business associate.
Daniel Baldwin: In what line of business?
Ted Harring: Oh, you know, regular sales.
Daniel Baldwin: Of course. What do you sell the most?
Ted Harring: I cannot say that I work with a specific product; it depends on the opportunities.
Daniel Baldwin: I see.
There is something off about his answers.
I do not think he is telling me the whole story.
Perhaps I could probe him a little further.
Menu Choice: No, let us just leave it at that
Menu Choice: Why were you invited here?
Ted Harring: Last year, I rescued a baby from a building on fire.
Daniel Baldwin: Really? Good for you.
Daniel Baldwin: You must have nerves of steel to do such a thing.
Ted Harring: I guess. But I think everyone would have done the same.
Ted Harring: I was just in the right place at the right moment.
Ted Harring: I was just going home one day, it was rather late.
Ted Harring: On my way, I happened to notice smoke coming from a house across the street.
Ted Harring: I was about to call for the firemen.
Ted Harring: But out of the window, I heard a baby screaming.
Ted Harring: I couldn't possibly stay there and do nothing.
Ted Harring: So without thinking about it, I forced the front door of the house and ran upstairs.
Ted Harring: A fire was spreading from one of the rooms.
Ted Harring: Luckily, the room with the baby was still safe.
Ted Harring: So I ran into it, grabbed the baby, and went downstairs as fast as I could.
Ted Harring: When I reached outside, I could hear the firemen on their way.
Ted Harring: The neighbors had already alerted them.
Ted Harring: As soon as they arrived, I gave them the baby.
Ted Harring: Reporters were with them.
Ted Harring: When they saw me, they decided it was a story worth printing.
Ted Harring: But it wasn't really. Anyone would have done the same.
Ted Harring: I think they just wanted to sell papers. So they exaggerated what I had done.
Ted Harring: And they also omitted the worst part.
Ted Harring: The baby wasn't alone in the house, of course.
Ted Harring: Why would they have been?
Ted Harring: The fire was caused by the nanny.
Ted Harring: She had an attack and dropped a lamp on the floor.
Ted Harring: That was her room that was on fire.
Ted Harring: I didn't even check there.
Ted Harring: So when the firemen arrived, it was too late.
Ted Harring: They said there was nothing I could have done, but I am not sure.
Daniel Baldwin: Gosh, that's terrible.
Ted Harring: Yeah.
After a short while, we're ready to keep going with the hunt.
Footman: Alright, if everyone's ready, we can continue.
Footman: Hopefully, we'll have better luck this time.
At first, it seems the afternoon will be as uneventful as the morning.
I walk on mechanically, without thinking.
Finding an animal to shoot is far from my mind.
Despite my caution, my gaze is drawn again and again to Andrew, looking rather dashing in his footman's livery.
I wonder if we shall see one another tonight.
I am roused from my stupor by Samuel Manning.
Samuel Manning: Oh, a rabbit!
A sharp pain irradiates through my stomach.
My legs give way and I fall to the ground.
Bloody hell, the fool has shot me.
Daniel Baldwin: Ughhh...
Footman: Sir, are you all right?
Ted Harring: Help! Help!
Ted Harring: Someone's been shot!
Ted Harring: Hurry, fetch the others.
Footman: Yes, of course, sir.
Samuel Manning: Oh no, what have I done?!
Samuel Manning: It was an accident.
Samuel Manning: I never intended this. Please believe me.
He stands there trembling, shame washing over his face.
There is something else in his expression, yet I cannot place it.
But there is no time for that now.
I must act quickly.
I call out to Ted Harring.
Daniel Baldwin: Quickly, remove my shirt.
Daniel Baldwin: I need to see where the bullet went in.
The lad helps me remove my shirt as best he can, though he is shaking like a leaf.
Ted Harring: I found the wound.
Ted Harring: Do you want me to press on it?
I look down at the small, neat hole in my abdomen.
Dark blood oozes slowly, thick and heavy.
The liver.
Of all the places it could strike, it had to be the liver.
Damn it.
Daniel Baldwin: There is no need.
Daniel Baldwin: The bullet has struck my liver.
Ted Harring: But it's such a tiny hole.
Ted Harring: Surely there must be something we can do?
Daniel Baldwin: No.
Daniel Baldwin: Liver wounds are fatal.
Daniel Baldwin: It is already far too late.
Filled with anger, I turn my eyes upon the man who has shot me.
But it doesn't matter now.
Ted Harring speaks again.
Ted Harring: Tell me what I can do.
Daniel Baldwin: Hand me my bag.
He fumbles about, then places my bag into my hands.
Daniel Baldwin: Well, there is very little to be done now.
Time for one final indulgence.
I take a few vials from my bag and drink them down as swiftly as I can manage.
Daniel Baldwin: Ahh, that is better.
Ted Harring: What should I do?
Daniel Baldwin: Nothing.
Daniel Baldwin: I shall lose consciousness before long.
Daniel Baldwin: I doubt I shall wake again.
Daniel Baldwin: Perhaps it is no more than I deserve.
Ted Harring: Don't say that.
Ted Harring: Your patients would...
Daniel Baldwin: My patients will not care whether I live or die.
Daniel Baldwin: I was harsh with them.
Daniel Baldwin: I took advantage of them.
Daniel Baldwin: I stole the medicines they needed for myself.
Daniel Baldwin: I do not disserve sympathy.
Daniel Baldwin: I should never have come here.
Daniel Baldwin: Yet, in a strange way, this feels like justice.
Very quickly I start to enjoy the familiar feeling of calm.
It won't be long now.
Ironically, this is likely how I was meant to go anyway.
Despite knowing better, you still joined a hunt with a half-drunk man and a loaded gun.
At least this dreadful end might teach you to make wiser choices next time.