Chapter: The Hunt
Character: Daniel Baldwin
As I had no reason to remain behind, I changed for the hunt.
Fortunately, I had thought to bring more suitable outdoor clothes for the weekend.
It was not difficult to imagine that a hunt would be on the agenda.
Lady Claythorn may pretend it is arranged for our benefit, yet I suspect she will enjoy it most of all.
She might even have planned the entire weekend simply for the pleasure of today's event.
After all, I doubt she can readily find hunting partners in so isolated a place.
In any case, the butler has provided me with a hunting rifle.
It has been some time since I last handled one, yet I dare say I will remember how to use it.
I step outside to join the others.
To my surprise, Samuel Manning is there as well.
I must watch him carefully.
However drunk he appeared this morning, it does not mean he is any less dangerous.
I notice the butler walking just behind Lady Claythorn.
The footman is there as well.
He is attending to Ted Harring, who looks somewhat out of place.
The butler clears his throat and addresses us.
Butler: Good, now that everyone is ready, I propose we split into two groups.
Butler: It will be easier to spot game that way.
I have barely a moment to gather my thoughts before Samuel Manning is upon me.
Samuel Manning: Doctor, I would be honoured to partner with you.
Samuel Manning: You don't mind, do you?
He is too eager to join me.
It may mean he is ready to make good on his threat.
I am anxious, yet also curious.
I cannot back out now.
Daniel Baldwin: No, of course. We may go together.
Samuel Manning: Splendid!
Samuel Manning: We shall have a jolly time.
Ted Harring: You don't mind if I tag along as well, do you?
Daniel Baldwin: Of course not.
Daniel Baldwin: Do come with us, Mr Harring.
Butler: Excellent.
Butler: The parties are settled.
Butler: Let us have a pleasant afternoon.
Our little group made its way into the forest.
We walked for a while yet encountered nothing.
So we stopped for luncheon.
The footman is exceedingly professional and remains silent whilst preparing our food.
If Samuel Manning seemed somewhat sobered at first, he now appears intent on making up for lost drinking.
He has a flask which I assume is whisky, and he has been drinking from it non-stop since the start of the hunt.
If I trust the content of the letter, he looks like he is summoning the courage to do something terrible.
I feel like I should talk to him before he is too drunk.
On the other hand, it could be prudent to wait for a better time.
If I am on my guard, I could probably avoid him until the hunt is over.
Menu Choice: Ignore him and talk with Ted Harring
Daniel Baldwin: How are you getting on Mr Harring?
Ted Harring: Very well Doctor.
Menu Choice: What do you think of the other guests?
Ted Harring: I do not know, I have not had a chance to talk to everyone yet.
Ted Harring: So far everyone seems normal to me.
Daniel Baldwin: I was not expecting a deep character analysis.
Daniel Baldwin: Merely your general impression.
Ted Harring: Right then.
Menu Choice: What do you think of Samuel Manning?
Ted Harring: Samuel Manning?
Ted Harring: You really want to talk about him when he is right there?
Daniel Baldwin: Never mind that, he will not notice.
Daniel Baldwin: He looks quite out of his wits again.
Ted Harring: Yes, I noticed he is drunk most of the time.
Ted Harring: But that is about all I have witnessed so far.
Daniel Baldwin: Yes, I suppose that was obvious to everyone.
Menu Choice: What do you think of Sushil Sinha?
Ted Harring: Captain Sinha is serious, and he does go on about himself.
Daniel Baldwin: I have observed the same.
Menu Choice: What do you think of Lady Claythorn?
Ted Harring: She is very distinguished.
Ted Harring: I have not dared to speak to her yet.
Well, that was hardly the most stimulating conversation.
Still, I suppose we're ready to keep going with the hunt.
Footman: Alright, if everyone's ready, we can continue.
Footman: Hopefully, we'll have better luck this time.
As I did this morning, I take care to keep Samuel Manning within my line of sight.
At first, it seems the afternoon will be as uneventful as the morning.
I walk on mechanically, without thinking.
Finding an animal to shoot is far from my mind.
I regret not taking my "medicine" with me.
All I can think about is when I shall be alone in my room again.
I hope we shall not hunt for much longer.
I am lost in my thoughts when I hear Samuel Manning shout.
Damn it, for a moment I have let him out of my sight.
Samuel Manning: Oh, a rabbit!
A sharp pain irradiates through my stomach.
My legs give way and I fall to the ground.
I allowed myself a moment of distraction and he seized it.
Bloody hell.
Daniel Baldwin: Ughhh...
Footman: Sir, are you all right?
Ted Harring: Help! Help!
Ted Harring: Someone's been shot!
Ted Harring: Hurry, fetch the others.
Footman: Yes, of course, sir.
Samuel Manning: Oh no, what have I done?!
Samuel Manning: It was an accident.
Samuel Manning: I never intended this. Please believe me.
He avoids my gaze, feigning remorse.
Yet I can see the truth in his eyes.
He is delighted.
I was a fool to let him anywhere near me.
But there is no time for that now.
I must act quickly.
I call out to Ted Harring.
Daniel Baldwin: Quickly, remove my shirt.
Daniel Baldwin: I need to see where the bullet went in.
The lad helps me remove my shirt as best he can, though he is shaking like a leaf.
Ted Harring: I found the wound.
Ted Harring: Do you want me to press on it?
I look down at the small, neat hole in my abdomen.
Dark blood oozes slowly, thick and heavy.
The liver.
Of all the places it could strike, it had to be the liver.
Damn it.
Daniel Baldwin: There is no need.
Daniel Baldwin: The bullet has struck my liver.
Ted Harring: But it's such a tiny hole.
Ted Harring: Surely there must be something we can do?
Daniel Baldwin: No.
Daniel Baldwin: Liver wounds are fatal.
Daniel Baldwin: It is already far too late.
Filled with anger, I turn my eyes upon the man who has shot me.
But it doesn't matter now.
Ted Harring speaks again.
Ted Harring: Tell me what I can do.
Daniel Baldwin: Hand me my bag.
He fumbles about, then places my bag into my hands.
Daniel Baldwin: Well, there is very little to be done now.
Time for one final indulgence.
I take a few vials from my bag and drink them down as swiftly as I can manage.
Daniel Baldwin: Ahh, that is better.
Ted Harring: What should I do?
Daniel Baldwin: Nothing.
Daniel Baldwin: I shall lose consciousness before long.
Daniel Baldwin: I doubt I shall wake again.
Daniel Baldwin: Perhaps it is no more than I deserve.
Ted Harring: Don't say that.
Ted Harring: Your patients would...
Daniel Baldwin: My patients will not care whether I live or die.
Daniel Baldwin: I was harsh with them.
Daniel Baldwin: I took advantage of them.
Daniel Baldwin: I stole the medicines they needed for myself.
Daniel Baldwin: I do not disserve sympathy.
Daniel Baldwin: I should never have come here.
Daniel Baldwin: Yet, in a strange way, this feels like justice.
Very quickly I start to enjoy the familiar feeling of calm.
It won't be long now.
Ironically, this is likely how I was meant to go anyway.
Despite knowing better, you still joined a hunt with a half-drunk man and a loaded gun.
At least this dreadful end might teach you to make wiser choices next time.