Chapter: Things Get Darker
Character: Daniel Baldwin
I am still in shock when we reach the mansion.
I can scarcely recall what happened in the woods.
Samuel Manning bled to death whilst I tried to save him.
The other group, drawn by the noise, rejoined us to witness the horrific scene.
Once it was clear the poor man was dead, Captain Sinha took charge and had us carry Samuel Manning back to the house.
I still can hardly believe it.
I have killed a man.
I cannot seem to convince myself that it was him or me.
Yet I must not waste time dwelling on it.
The others will have questions.
I must think very carefully about what I am going to say to them.
As we enter, we are greeted by Rosalind Marsh and Amelia Baxter.
Amelia Baxter: Oh my God! What happened?
Amelia Baxter: Is that Samuel Manning? Is he injured?
Amelia Baxter: Oh no. Is he... dead?
Sushil Sinha: I am sorry, my dear, but he is.
Amelia Baxter: But... what happened?
Sushil Sinha: It was an accident.
Sushil Sinha: He got into a fight with Doctor Baldwin.
Sushil Sinha: And he accidentally shot himself.
Amelia Baxter: How terrible. What was the quarrel about, Doctor?
All eyes turn to me.
Menu Choice: Say he was just too drunk
Daniel Baldwin: I have no idea what he was angry about.
Daniel Baldwin: I only wished to speak to him about his drinking, and he lost his temper with me.
Daniel Baldwin: He was not making any sense, then he pointed his gun at me.
Daniel Baldwin: Without thinking, I tried to jump him and wrest the weapon away, but, but...
Sushil Sinha: The poor man shot himself by accident.
Sushil Sinha: I cannot say I am surprised, I think we all noticed his state of inebriation today and yesterday.
Sushil Sinha: Samuel Manning clearly had troubles he could not master.
Sushil Sinha: There is no reason to blame yourself, Doctor.
Amelia Baxter: Of course, we are all quite certain you only wished to help that poor soul.
I hear a murmur of assent from everyone.
They will not suspect a thing.
It is true that most people will believe a doctor without a second thought.
Daniel Baldwin: Thank you, everyone.
Daniel Baldwin: It has been a horrific experience.
Daniel Baldwin: If you do not mind, I think I shall retire to my room now.
Sushil Sinha: Of course not, Doctor, go and rest.
Sushil Sinha: We shall have Mr Manning taken to his room for the time being.
Sushil Sinha: Will you assist me, Mr Harring?
Ted Harring: Of course.
I am back in my room, shaken by a wretched mix of nervousness and remorse.
My first impulse is to seek relief in the usual way.
I even reach for my bag before I stop myself.
I think of the letter I found in Samuel Manning's room.
All of this is too strange, as though I had stepped into the pages of a mystery novel.
It is plain that someone in this house is hiding something.
If I dull my senses now, I might miss some vital clue, or fail to react when danger comes.
I draw my hand back from the bag and clench it into a fist.
No, I must keep my wits about me.
Until I know whom I may trust, I shall remain sober.
I rest for a while, until the familiar sound of the gong draws me out of my thoughts.
I suppose I am steady enough to join the others for dinner.
It seems as though everyone turns to look at me as I enter the room.
Glances and stares follow me to my seat.
When all are present, Lady Claythorn begins to speak.
Lady Claythorn: Now that everyone is here, I want to express my deepest regret for what happened today.
Lady Claythorn: This isn't how I imagined our weekend.
Lady Claythorn: I don't believe any of us are in the mood for more entertainment.
Lady Claythorn: So, tomorrow morning, you'll receive your rewards.
Lady Claythorn: Afterwards, we'll wait for the police to arrive.
Lady Claythorn: You're free to head home as soon as the officers give the all-clear.
Lady Claythorn: For now, enjoy your dinner.
Lady Claythorn: Drinks will be available in the billiard room afterwards, as they were yesterday.
That is a considerable relief.
I just need to make it through one more night and a single morning, then I shall be able to leave this place.
No doubt I shall have to give an account of myself to the police before I go, yet from what I understand it should be little more than a formality.
I turn to my left. Ted Harring is looking rather downcast.
Opposite me, Rosalind Marsh now sits alone.
She has kept to her usual seat, though there is no one beside her any longer.
Should I speak to either of them, or remain silent as most of the table seems determined to do?
Menu Choice: Enjoy the creepy silence
The dinner is over.
It seemed longer than usual, for there was scarcely any conversation at all.
Like most of the other guests, I retire to my room.
I now find myself faced with several courses of action.
The most obvious would be to remain here in my room and wait for the morning.
I could even move some furniture against the door to make certain no one can enter.
Yet that, too, feels dangerous. There are other ways for someone to reach me.
The alternative is to attempt to discover who wrote that note to Samuel Manning.
That is the person I ought to fear.
Everything points towards Lady Claythorn, yet I cannot be sure.
If only I could trust at least one other person, I might ask for their assistance.
It would be safer to investigate in company, but in whom ought I place my trust?
It would be ideal to have someone implicitly trustworthy, like a judge.
But everyone here appears suspicious to me.
I might turn to Andrew. After the time we have spent together, I find it hard to picture him as a likely culprit.
He is probably downstairs with the staff at present, unless he has already retired for the night.
I feel very much at a crossroads.
What I decide to do now may mean the difference between life and death.
So what shall it be?
Map Choice: Kitchen
I am about to go downstairs when someone stops me.
Young woman: Good evening, sir.
Young woman: May I help you?
Daniel Baldwin: Well, perhaps.
Daniel Baldwin: I am looking for someone.
Daniel Baldwin: I would like to have a word with your footman.
Daniel Baldwin: I believe he is called Andrew.
Young woman: I am sorry, sir, but Andrew is not here any longer.
Young woman: I believe you will find him in his room.
Daniel Baldwin: Very good.
Daniel Baldwin: And where is that, exactly?
Young woman: In the attic, sir.
Young woman: The first room to your left after the stairs.
Daniel Baldwin: Perfect, thank you.
Map Choice: Male Servants Room
I decide to take the stairs to the attic.
I probably shouldn't be here but I could still feign ignorance if I am spotted.
I could just barge in, but I prefer to knock just in case.
Footman: Who is it?
I answer in a whisper.
Daniel Baldwin: Andrew, it is me, Daniel.
Footman: Doctor?
Footman: You should not be here.
Footman: Tonight is not the best time, with... everything that has happened.
Daniel Baldwin: I am well aware.
Daniel Baldwin: But I sincerely hope you do not hold me responsible for today's accident.
He pauses for a second before answering.
Footman: No, of course not.
Footman: I am sure it was only a terrible mistake.
There is a pause, then the soft sound of the bolt sliding back.
The door opens just enough for me to slip inside.
He closes it carefully behind me.
Words quickly become unnecessary.
In a moment we are both on his bed, our clothes discarded on the floor.
When it is over, reality returns far too quickly.
Footman: I think you should go back to your room now.
Daniel Baldwin: Already?
Daniel Baldwin: I was hoping to stay here for the night.
Footman: I do not think that would be prudent.
Footman: People might see you in the morning.
Daniel Baldwin: I could rise early and leave before anyone is awake.
Footman: I am not certain you could.
Footman: Servants are usually up when you would still think it the middle of the night.
Footman: I would rather not take that risk.
Footman: Besides, in only a few hours I have an errand to run.
Daniel Baldwin: So early?
Daniel Baldwin: Why on earth do you have to do that?
Footman: I am sorry, I cannot say.
Footman: It is an order from Lady Claythorn.
I glance towards the small window.
The wind has picked up, and distant thunder rolls across the moor.
Daniel Baldwin: It does look as though it may rain again.
Daniel Baldwin: You will catch your death if you stay outside too long.
Footman: Do not worry, I shall be taking the car.
Footman: And besides, I am not made out of sugar.
The expression strikes me as oddly familiar, and somewhat out of place.
Daniel Baldwin: That is a curious turn of phrase.
Daniel Baldwin: And yesterday, I recall you mentioning something about whipping cats.
Daniel Baldwin: That was even more peculiar.
Daniel Baldwin: Where did you learn such expressions?
Footman: Hm.
Footman: You have truly never heard them before?
Footman: I suppose I got them from my grandmother.
Footman: We are from the North, near Sunderland.
Footman: People there have rather strange sayings, you know.
Daniel Baldwin: I am aware of that.
Daniel Baldwin: I have family from that region myself.
Daniel Baldwin: Yet I have never heard those expressions.
He looks embarrassed.
Footman: Well.
Footman: I might as well tell you.
Footman: There is no point in keeping this for myself.
Footman: I am not British.
Footman: I was brought here as a young teen, so you would not hear it in my accent.
Footman: But those are French expressions my parents used often.
Footman: I suppose I translated them without realising they might not exist in the King's English.
Daniel Baldwin: You are French?
Daniel Baldwin: How interesting.
Daniel Baldwin: But why keep it a secret?
Footman: I am not bloody French.
Footman: People always assume that.
Footman: I am Belgian, from a French speaking family.
Daniel Baldwin: I see.
Daniel Baldwin: My apologies.
Daniel Baldwin: Still, why hide it?
Footman: Because I am not meant to be here.
Footman: My parents were war refugees.
Footman: They worked in a weapons factory during the war, in a small northern village called Birtley.
Footman: When the war ended, we were supposed to return to Belgium.
Footman: But I had spent my teenage years here.
Footman: I did not want to go back.
Footman: I was seventeen, and I was in love.
Footman: I could not bear to leave him behind.
Footman: So I pretended to be British.
Footman: My English was good enough not to raise suspicion.
Footman: Ever since, I have hidden my true identity.
Footman: That is why I became an actor.
Footman: And...
He stops short.
That is information I was not meant to hear.
Daniel Baldwin: You are an actor?
Daniel Baldwin: Then what are you doing here, in the middle of the woods?
Daniel Baldwin: There cannot be many roles for you in a place like this.
Footman: No, of course not.
Footman: But one must earn a living.
Footman: Acting is not a secure profession.
Footman: I take odd jobs when I must.
Footman: I was never meant to stay in this manor for long.
Footman: Just long enough to get back on my feet.
Footman: But it is late now.
Footman: I have spoken far too much about myself.
Footman: I need my rest for tomorrow.
Footman: You should go now, Doctor.
Footman: Before we are both discovered.
The dismissal is abrupt.
Nevertheless, I nod reluctantly.
Daniel Baldwin: If you insist, I shall be on my way.
I dress in silence.
Then he opens the door just enough for me to slip back into the corridor.
The bolt slides shut behind me.
Map Choice: Go to sleep, alone
I reach my room alone.
I lock my door and do what I can to secure it.
Then I drag a chair and the small chest of drawers against the door, in case Lady Claythorn or one of her accomplices decides to pay me a visit.
Now that everything is in place, I lie down upon the bed, fully dressed in case I need to move quickly.
Now that I am alone with my thoughts, every possible scenario runs through my mind.
I feel certain I shall never fall asleep, yet at some point I do.
I do not know how long I have slept when a faint sound rouses me.
It is a soft scrape, close by my ear, out of place in the stillness of the room.
Before I can stir, a hand clamps hard across my mouth, stifling any cry.
The weight of a body leans over me, pinning me to the mattress.
I clutch at the arm that holds me, but my limbs feel heavy and slow, still dulled by sleep.
My heart hammers so loudly that I can scarcely hear my own thoughts.
Something cold touches the bare skin of my throat.
For one dreadful instant I understand exactly what is about to happen.
Pain sears across my neck in a sudden, burning line.
Hot wetness spills down my collar, soaking the front of my shirt.
I struggle blindly, fingers clawing at the air and at the implacable hand that silences me.
My strength ebbs almost at once, as if it were pouring away with my blood.
You believed yourself safe.
Yet there was something you failed to see.
Alone in your room, you were an easy target for whoever wished you harm.
Sometimes the safest path lies in choosing whom to trust, rather than trusting no one at all.
It's dangerous to go alone.