Chapter: Things Get Darker
Character: Daniel Baldwin
I am still in shock when we reach the mansion.
I can scarcely recall what happened in the woods.
Samuel Manning bled to death whilst I tried to save him.
The other group, drawn by the noise, rejoined us to witness the horrific scene.
Once it was clear the poor man was dead, Captain Sinha took charge and had us carry Samuel Manning back to the house.
I still can hardly believe it.
I have killed a man.
I cannot seem to convince myself that it was him or me.
Yet I must not waste time dwelling on it.
The others will have questions.
I must think very carefully about what I am going to say to them.
As we enter, we are greeted by Rosalind Marsh and Amelia Baxter.
Amelia Baxter: Oh my God! What happened?
Amelia Baxter: Is that Samuel Manning? Is he injured?
Amelia Baxter: Oh no. Is he... dead?
Sushil Sinha: I am sorry, my dear, but he is.
Amelia Baxter: But... what happened?
Sushil Sinha: It was an accident.
Sushil Sinha: He got into a fight with Doctor Baldwin.
Sushil Sinha: And he accidentally shot himself.
Amelia Baxter: How terrible. What was the quarrel about, Doctor?
All eyes turn to me.
Menu Choice: Say he was just too drunk
Daniel Baldwin: I have no idea what he was angry about.
Daniel Baldwin: I only wished to speak to him about his drinking, and he lost his temper with me.
Daniel Baldwin: He was not making any sense, then he pointed his gun at me.
Daniel Baldwin: Without thinking, I tried to jump him and wrest the weapon away, but, but...
Sushil Sinha: The poor man shot himself by accident.
Sushil Sinha: I cannot say I am surprised, I think we all noticed his state of inebriation today and yesterday.
Sushil Sinha: Samuel Manning clearly had troubles he could not master.
Sushil Sinha: There is no reason to blame yourself, Doctor.
Amelia Baxter: Of course, we are all quite certain you only wished to help that poor soul.
I hear a murmur of assent from everyone.
They will not suspect a thing.
It is true that most people will believe a doctor without a second thought.
Daniel Baldwin: Thank you, everyone.
Daniel Baldwin: It has been a horrific experience.
Daniel Baldwin: If you do not mind, I think I shall retire to my room now.
Sushil Sinha: Of course not, Doctor, go and rest.
Sushil Sinha: We shall have Mr Manning taken to his room for the time being.
Sushil Sinha: Will you assist me, Mr Harring?
Ted Harring: Of course.
I am back in my room, shaken by a wretched mix of nervousness and remorse.
My first impulse is to seek relief in the usual way.
I even reach for my bag before I stop myself.
I think of the letter I found in Samuel Manning's room.
The image of Thomas Moody without his mask also appears in my mind.
That's another thing I can't make sense of.
All of this is too strange, as though I had stepped into the pages of a mystery novel.
It is plain that someone in this house is hiding something.
If I dull my senses now, I might miss some vital clue, or fail to react when danger comes.
I draw my hand back from the bag and clench it into a fist.
No, I must keep my wits about me.
Until I know whom I may trust, I shall remain sober.
I rest for a while, until the familiar sound of the gong draws me out of my thoughts.
I suppose I am steady enough to join the others for dinner.
It seems as though everyone turns to look at me as I enter the room.
Glances and stares follow me to my seat.
When all are present, Lady Claythorn begins to speak.
Lady Claythorn: Now that everyone is here, I want to express my deepest regret for what happened today.
Lady Claythorn: This isn't how I imagined our weekend.
Lady Claythorn: I don't believe any of us are in the mood for more entertainment.
Lady Claythorn: So, tomorrow morning, you'll receive your rewards.
Lady Claythorn: Afterward, we'll wait for the police to arrive.
Lady Claythorn: You're free to head home as soon as the officers give the all-clear.
Lady Claythorn: For now, enjoy your dinner.
Lady Claythorn: Drinks will be available in the billiard room afterwards, as they were yesterday.
That is a considerable relief.
I just need to make it through one more night and a single morning, then I shall be able to leave this place.
No doubt I shall have to give an account of myself to the police before I go, yet from what I understand it should be little more than a formality.
I turn to my left. Ted Harring is looking rather downcast.
Opposite me, Rosalind Marsh now sits alone.
She has kept to her usual seat, though there is no one beside her any longer.
Should I speak to either of them, or remain silent as most of the table seems determined to do?
Menu Choice: Talk to Rosalind Marsh
Daniel Baldwin: Miss Marsh.
Rosalind Marsh: Doctor.
Menu Choice: Tell me more about yourself.
Rosalind Marsh: Oh well, the most obvious thing about me is that I am a nurse.
Rosalind Marsh: I started young and served in various wars.
Rosalind Marsh: In peacetime, ....
Daniel Baldwin: Wait a minute, in which wars did you actually serve?
Rosalind Marsh: Well, the Great War, and before that I was...
Daniel Baldwin: Sorry, to interrupt, but I think I remember you now.
Daniel Baldwin: Were you in China during the Boxer's Rebellion by chance?
Rosalind Marsh: I was indeed, I wouldn't think you would remember me.
Daniel Baldwin: Right, so we did work together.
Daniel Baldwin: Why didn't you say something?
Rosalind Marsh: I didn't want to presume.
Rosalind Marsh: I was a young nurse among many.
Rosalind Marsh: And it was a very long time ago.
Daniel Baldwin: It was indeed.
Daniel Baldwin: But it is nice to see again.
Rosalind Marsh: Likewise.
Menu Choice: Why were you invited here?
Rosalind Marsh: Well, I don't wish to sound boastful.
Rosalind Marsh: But I've been told I'm the nurse who's served in the most wars in the whole country, apparently.
Daniel Baldwin: Truly? You kept going, even after everything that happened in China?
Rosalind Marsh: Indeed. I daresay some would have lost heart after what happened there.
Rosalind Marsh: But not me. It only strengthened my belief that nursing was my true calling.
Rosalind Marsh: When I returned to England, I kept volunteering wherever I was needed.
Daniel Baldwin: Then you must have witnessed a great many conflicts.
Rosalind Marsh: Yes. Before the Boxer Rebellion, there was the Cretan Revolt.
Rosalind Marsh: And afterwards, several others — until, of course, the last one.
Rosalind Marsh: Which I rather think will be the last for me.
Daniel Baldwin: We all hoped it would be the last for everyone.
Daniel Baldwin: But I fear war is not likely to vanish from the world just yet.
Rosalind Marsh: No, I'm not so naïve as to think so.
Rosalind Marsh: But one can at least hope that nothing as dreadful as the Great War will ever come again.
Daniel Baldwin: I sincerely hope you're right, Miss Marsh.
Menu Choice: You don't have anymore questions for her
Menu Choice: Enjoy the creepy silence
The dinner is over.
It seemed longer than usual, for there was scarcely any conversation at all.
Like most of the other guests, I retire to my room.
I now find myself faced with several courses of action.
The most obvious would be to remain here in my room and wait for the morning.
I could even move some furniture against the door to make certain no one can enter.
Yet that, too, feels dangerous. There are other ways for someone to reach me.
The alternative is to attempt to discover who wrote that note to Samuel Manning.
That is the person I ought to fear.
Everything points towards Lady Claythorn, yet I cannot be sure.
If only I could trust at least one other person, I might ask for their assistance.
It would be safer to investigate in company, but in whom ought I place my trust?
It would be ideal to have someone implicitly trustworthy, like a judge.
But everyone here appears suspicious to me.
By good fortune, I already know Nurse Rosalind Marsh. That acquaintance makes me more comfortable about approaching her.
I feel very much at a crossroads.
What I decide to do now may mean the difference between life and death.
So what shall it be?
Map Choice: George IV Bedroom
I am back in Samuel Manning's room.
It is still a mess.
But now Samuel Manning is lying on his bed, seemingly at peace.
I remember that Captain Sinha and Ted Harring carried him here.
I do not know why I have come back.
Perhaps I wished to look one last time upon the man I killed.
I approach the bed.
He looks peaceful.
I try to convince myself that I had no choice, that it was either him or me.
But that does not make the guilt go away.
My thoughts return to the simple letter that set all of this in motion.
I wonder if it is still here.
I look around and do not find it on the desk.
Then I spot something in the fire.
The letter is there, burned so badly I cannot make out what was written.
If I had hoped to use it as proof of my innocence, I am too late.
Samuel Manning has taken care to erase all trace of his plans.
There is no point in lingering here any longer.
Map Choice: Richard III Bedroom
Thomas Moody's room looks exactly as it did this morning.
With all that has transpired since, I have scarcely given a thought to the mystery of Thomas Moody's mask.
It is one more reason to question everything that is happening in this house.
But there is nothing I can do about it from here.
I should leave.
Map Choice: Check who is in the billiard room
Just as I imagined, the room is almost deserted.
I can see only Captain Sinha seated upon a sofa, and the butler standing discreetly in the corner.
The bar is still available, but I promised myself to keep a clear head, so I ought to avoid it.
Menu Choice: Talk to Sushil Sinha
I go over to Captain Sinha.
He notices my approach and sets his book down upon the table.
Sushil Sinha: Doctor Baldwin, it is good to see you.
Sushil Sinha: I fear most of the other guests have decided to remain in their rooms.
Daniel Baldwin: Really?
Daniel Baldwin: Why do you say that?
Sushil Sinha: I cannot be certain.
Sushil Sinha: But after what has happened today, I should not be surprised if some of our fellow guests are afraid to leave their rooms.
Daniel Baldwin: What should they be afraid of?
Sushil Sinha: Well, nothing, of course.
Sushil Sinha: It is obvious to me that the two unhappy deaths this weekend were both tragic, but unfortunate events.
Daniel Baldwin: Yet you believe not everyone agrees with you.
Daniel Baldwin: So they are afraid, but of what exactly?
Daniel Baldwin: Ah.
Daniel Baldwin: I suppose they must be afraid of me.
Daniel Baldwin: And here I thought they had accepted that what occurred during the hunt was a dreadful accident.
Sushil Sinha: I am sure they still think so, but they prefer to be cautious.
Sushil Sinha: Most of them are not accustomed to being so close to death as you and I.
Daniel Baldwin: Quite.
Daniel Baldwin: I had not considered it from that angle.
Sushil Sinha: But tell me, was there something in particular you wished to speak to me about, Doctor?
Menu Choice: Tell him about the letter
Daniel Baldwin: There is something I need to share with you.
Daniel Baldwin: I have not been entirely honest about what happened before the hunt.
I lower my voice and give him a brief account of the letter I found, and how it led to the quarrel with Samuel Manning and, in the end, to his death.
The captain listens to it all without the slightest change in his expression.
When I have finished, he answers at last.
Sushil Sinha: I admit this is very strange.
Sushil Sinha: But you must forgive me, I am not quite sure what to do with this information.
Daniel Baldwin: What do you mean?
Daniel Baldwin: This surely proves beyond doubt that something very wrong is happening here.
Daniel Baldwin: I am telling you so that we may work together to discover what is truly going on.
Sushil Sinha studies me in silence for a moment.
Sushil Sinha: I see.
Sushil Sinha: Do not take this the wrong way , Doctor, but I cannot simply accept your word on what you have just told me.
Sushil Sinha: Do you have any proof of it?
Daniel Baldwin: Not really.
Daniel Baldwin: I did not take the letter with me, that would have appeared far too suspicious.
Daniel Baldwin: And I have been in Samuel Manning's room since.
Daniel Baldwin: He burned the letter before leaving for the hunt.
Sushil Sinha: That's not ideal.
Sushil Sinha: I do not say that I disbelieve you.
Sushil Sinha: But put yourself in my place.
Sushil Sinha: If I were to accuse our hostess, or any of the guests, on this alone, I should be thought excitable at best, malicious at worst.
He does not trust me, not entirely.
I understand.
In the end, I am the one who killed Samuel Manning, so to him I must be the most suspicious person in this house.
If I truly wish to convince him, I will need stronger evidence.
Menu Choice: Tell him about Thomas Moody's face {{observation}}
Daniel Baldwin: There is indeed something else.
Daniel Baldwin: It concerns Thomas Moody.
Sushil Sinha: Moody?
Sushil Sinha: Did you discover something about his death?
Daniel Baldwin: Yes.
Daniel Baldwin: But I think it is best if you see for yourself, so that you don't need to take my word for it.
Sushil Sinha: Hm.
Sushil Sinha: Very well, I suppose we could go to his room.
Sushil Sinha: Please, lead the way, Doctor.
I see that he has no intention of turning his back on me.
We leave the billiard room together, moving as quietly as we can along the corridor.
The house feels oddly hollow, as though all life has retreated behind closed doors.
When we reach Thomas Moody's room, I open the door and step inside first.
Daniel Baldwin: Here he is, Captain.
Daniel Baldwin: I must warn you, it may not be a pleasant sight.
Sushil Sinha: Do not trouble yourself, Doctor.
Sushil Sinha: I have seen the dead before.
He crosses to the bed and looks down at the still form, his expression grave but composed.
Sushil Sinha: So, what is this about?
I lay my hands upon Thomas Moody's mask and lift it away, revealing a contorted and intact face.
Sushil Sinha: Good Lord, what a face he is making.
Sushil Sinha: What could have caused that, Doctor?
Daniel Baldwin: I am not certain, but it was no peaceful death, that much is clear.
Daniel Baldwin: Yet you are not seeing the most peculiar part.
Sushil Sinha: What do you mean?
Sushil Sinha: Oh.
Sushil Sinha: His face, it is... normal.
Sushil Sinha: He made everyone believe that he had been disfigured during the war.
Sushil Sinha: Yet it was all an act.
Sushil Sinha: But why would he do such a thing?
Sushil Sinha: What are we to make of this?
Daniel Baldwin: I have no idea.
Daniel Baldwin: It is suspicious enough that I did not wish to alert anyone else.
Sushil Sinha: I understand what you mean, Doctor.
Sushil Sinha: Of course you were right, something is amiss.
Sushil Sinha: I cannot pretend any longer that these are merely unfortunate accidents.
He pauses for a moment, pondering the implications of what he has just learnt.
Then his gaze lingers on the nightstand.
Thomas Moody's hip flask lies on its side, a greenish liquid spilling from its mouth and pooling upon the wood.
Sushil Sinha: I assume our friend was drinking from this before he died.
Sushil Sinha: What kind of alcohol could that be?
Sushil Sinha: Crème de menthe, perhaps?
He picks up the flask and brings it to his nose.
Sushil Sinha: How odd.
Sushil Sinha: That smells like whisky, heavily peated I might add.
Sushil Sinha: But why is there a green puddle on the nightstand?
Of course.
I cannot believe I did not notice this before.
Daniel Baldwin: Do not drink it, Captain.
Daniel Baldwin: I believe you may have found the murder weapon.
Sushil Sinha: Ah, so this is the poison that caused Thomas Moody's premature death, you think?
Daniel Baldwin: Precisely.
Daniel Baldwin: Everything points to a form of strychnine poisoning.
Daniel Baldwin: It is a common active ingredient in certain rat poisons.
Daniel Baldwin: That is probably what has given his whisky this greenish hue.
Sushil Sinha: I see.
Sushil Sinha: So we now have two deaths that are highly suspicious.
He thinks for few seconds about what that implies.
If someone in this house is prepared to kill once, perhaps even twice, there is no reason to imagine they will stop there.
I believe we may both be in danger.
I simply do not understand why.
Who could wish me dead?
It is not as though I have no enemies, but nothing so severe that it ought to come to this.
At least, I do not think so.
What about you?
Daniel Baldwin: Well, as a doctor, I may have left a few unpleasant patients here and there.
Daniel Baldwin: But, like you, I do not believe there is anything so serious that it should lead to murder.
I am not entirely sure that I believe my own words.
But I see no point in sharing those doubts.
Sushil Sinha: So, we have no notion of what may be happening.
Sushil Sinha: We know only that we are in danger here, presumably from Lady Claythorn herself, even if we have no proof we could present.
Daniel Baldwin: That is what I believe as well.
Daniel Baldwin: I am simply not sure what we ought to do about it.
Sushil Sinha: Well, it would be difficult to leave now, in the middle of the night.
Sushil Sinha: So we should at least be prepared to spend one more night here.
Sushil Sinha: And attempting to confide in more people could be dangerous.
Sushil Sinha: Lady Claythorn may not be acting alone in this enterprise.
Sushil Sinha: If we confront her, she will become suspicious and it will be even harder to escape this place.
Sushil Sinha: We must take every precaution we can.
Daniel Baldwin: I agree, but what do you suggest we do?
I believe we should not sleep alone tonight.
Come and share my room.
There is a perfectly decent sofa, and we shall be within earshot of one another.
If anything happens, at least we shall not be taken unawares.
I am not sure I like this idea.
Yet, it may be the best chance I have of surviving this weekend.
On the other hand, it forces me to trust Sushil Sinha with my life.
I am not sure that I can do that.
Menu Choice: Accept his offer and sleep in his room
Daniel Baldwin: You are right.
Daniel Baldwin: It would be foolish to ignore the danger.
Daniel Baldwin: I think it is better if we stay together.
Sushil Sinha: Good.
Sushil Sinha: You can collect whatever you need from your room, then you may settle on my sofa.
Sushil Sinha: Between us, I doubt anyone will find us easy prey.
It is not an arrangement with which I feel entirely at ease.
Yet I feel a little less exposed than before at least.
I return briefly to my own room to gather my things, then I join Sushil Sinha in his.
Sushil Sinha: Well, it is rather late, so I suppose we had best settle for sleep.
Sushil Sinha: You can take the sofa, or if you find it too uncomfortable, there is space enough in the bed.
Sushil Sinha: I have slept in worse conditions, so I do not mind.
Daniel Baldwin: The sofa will do very well, thank you.
Daniel Baldwin: I doubt I shall sleep much in any case.
There is no point in attempting anything further tonight.
So we bid each other good night and resign ourselves to hope for the best.
Before closing my eyes, I see Sushil Sinha place a revolver upon his bedside table.
The sight troubles me as much as it makes me feel safer.
Now that I am alone with my thoughts, every possible scenario runs through my mind.
I feel certain I shall never fall asleep, yet at some point I do.