Chapter: No Hunt
Character: Ted Harring
I turned down the invitation for the hunt.
So, I'm staying inside with Amelia Baxter and Rosalind Marsh.
They are in the tea room, waiting for a small luncheon to be served.
Now, what should I do?
Map Choice: Queen Alexandra
I knock upon the door.
Rosalind Marsh: Yes? Who is it?
Ted Harring: It's Ted Harring.
Rosalind Marsh: Ah, Mr Harring, I'm quite exhausted at the moment.
Rosalind Marsh: Would you mind coming back later?
Ted Harring: Of course, sorry for bothering you.
Map Choice: Elizabeth I Bedroom
I knock on the door.
Nobody answers.
Most people are out for the hunt, so I guess I could try to enter the room anyway.
But it won't look good if I get caught.
What should I do?
Menu Choice: Let's go in. What's the worst that could happen?
I try to push the door open.
It's locked.
Map Choice: Henry IV Bedroom
I knock on the door.
Nobody answers.
There seems to be nobody here as well.
Menu Choice: It won't hurt to give it a try. Let's go in and find out.
I try to push the door open.
It's locked.
Map Choice: Richard III Bedroom
The poor man is still there. I don't think he's moved.
Now that I am here, perhaps I should take a quick look.
There might be something that helps me understand what happened.
I look around the room.
Nothing seems out of the ordinary.
He looks peaceful.
His mask is still in place.
The doctor didn't even remove it for the examination.
Well, if the doctor didn't, I certainly won't either.
On a chair beside the bed, his clothes are meticulously folded.
There is a flask on the nightstand.
It lies on its side, empty.
Next to it is a stain.
I suppose it is whisky, but it has an odd shade of green.
That is peculiar.
What could it be?
That's all I notice in the room.
Map Choice: Garden
A beautiful garden.
I wandered in it for a while, enjoying a relaxing walk.
But I didn't find anything of interest.
Map Choice: Take a nap until the others return
I don't think there's anything interesting to do now.
So, I'll just lie down on my bed for a while.
Suddenly, I hear noises from the entrance hall.
I decide to see what's happening.